chuck abbahagy
discontinue abbahagy
quit abbahagy
relinquish abbahagy
quits abbahagyás
quited abbahagyott
therein abban
therefrom abból
threof abból
alphabet abc
abc ábécé
abyssinia abesszinia
window ablak
mullion ablakborda
windows ablakok
sill ablakpárkány
windowsill ablakpárkány
casement ablakszárny
squeegee ablaktörlő
wiper ablaktörlő
abortion abortusz
diagram ábra
figure ábra
diagrams ábrák
quixotism ábrándkergetés
lackadasial ábrándos
moony ábrándozó
delineate ábrázol
depict ábrázol
illustrate ábrázol
limn ábrázol
represent ábrázol
delineation ábrázolás
imagery ábrázolás
portrayal ábrázolás
representation ábrázolás
portrayer ábrázoló
represented ábrázolt
hoop abroncs
teetotal abszolút
unmitigated abszolút
absolutism abszolutizmus
nonsensical abszurd
preposterous abszurd
preposterousness abszurditás
steel acél
steelwork acéláru
steely acélos
steeliness acélosság
acetylene acetilén
oxyacetylene acetilén
carpenter ács
carpentry ácsmesterség
give ad
gives ad
provide ad
provides ad
yield ad
dose adag
ration adag
dosage adagolás
rationing adagolás
offerings adakozás
datum adalék
additive adalékanyag
giving adás
data adat
database adatbázis
databases adatbázisok
datafiles adatfilek
datastart adatkezdet
administration adminisztráció
tax adó
transmitter adóállomás
taxpayer adófizető
assessable adóköteles
ratable adóköteles
taxable adóköteles
anecdote adoma
bestowal adományozás
conferment adományozás
debtor adós
debenture adóslevél
debt adósság
gave adott
given adott
makings adottság
givens adottságok
makings adottságok
taxation adózás
ruff adu
trump adu
aerobics aerobik
bilberry áfonya
huckleberry áfonya
aphorism aforizma
africa afrika
african afrikai
branch ág
limb ág
perch ág
tine ág
antler agancs
greyhound agár
greyhound agárkutya
pronged ágas
prance ágaskodik
branch ágazat
qualm aggály
scruple aggály
qualmish aggályos
solicitous aggályos
disquieting aggasztó
agonized aggodalmas
anxiety aggodalom
disquietude aggodalom
distress aggodalom
misgivings aggodalom
disquiet aggódás
worry aggódik
worried aggódó
agile agilis
agility agilitás
agitation agitálás
agitator agitátor
aggression agresszió
aggressor agresszor
brain agy
bed ágy
shrewd agyafúrt
clay agyag
earthenware agyagedény
clayey agyagos
schist agyagpala
fang agyar
tusk agyar
tusked agyaras
concubine ágyas
bedfellow ágyastárs
abed ágyban
groin ágyék
loin ágyék
lumbar ágyék
pubic ágyéki
dhoti ágyékkötő
meningitis agyhártyagyulladás
bedridden ágyhozkötött
bedstead ágykeret
bedding ágynemű
nainsook ágyneművászon
swat agyoncsap
martyrize agyonkínoz
phantasm agyrém
phantasmal agyrémszerű
bedspread ágytakaró
counterpane ágytakaró
coverlet ágytakaró
cannon ágyú
ordnance ágyú
strafe ágyútűz
ah ah
thereunto ahhoz
devotional áhitatos
where ahol
whereabouts ahol
wherefrom ahonnan
whereto ahova
whither ahova
lip ajak
pout ajakbiggyesztés
labial ajakhang
lipstick ajakrúzs
donation ajándék
gift ajándék
donate ajándékoz
propose ajánl
dedication ajánlás
recommendation ajánlás
offer ajánlat
overtures ajánlat
proffer ajánlat
proposal ajánlat
advisable ajánlatos
advisability ajánlatosság
bidder ajánlattevő
tenderer ajánlattevő
dedicatory ajánló
testimonial ajánlólevél
referenced ajánlott
registered ajánlott
devoutness ájtatosság
door ajtó
doorjamb ajtófélfa
jamb ajtófélfa
stile ajtófélfa
coma ájulás
swoon ájulás
syncope ájulás
acacia akác
holdback akadály
impediment akadály
obstacle akadály
obstruction akadály
cumber akadályoz
impede akadályoz
obstruct akadályoz
hindrance akadályozás
obstruction akadályozás
hinder akadályozni
cumbersome akadályozott
unhindered akadálytalan
unimpeded akadálytalan
unobstructed akadálytalan
untrammelled akadálytalan
steeplechase akadályverseny
academician akadémikus
she'd akar
she'll akar
want akar
volition akarat
volitional akarati
involuntary akaratlan
undesigned akaratlan
unwittingly akaratlanul
wayward akaratos
willed akaratú
anyhow akárhogy
anyhow akárhogyan
whithersoe'er akárhova
whithersoever akárhova
whoever akárki
whomsoe'er akárkit
whomsoever akárkit
gonna akarna
she'd akart
gibbet akasztás
hanging akasztás
hanger akasztó
tab akasztó
gallows akasztófa
who aki
whose akié
whom akit
then akkor
accumulator akkumulátor
minefield aknamező
acrobatics akrobatika
acrobatic akrobatikus
briefcase aktatáska
activate aktivál
current aktuális
acupuncture akupunktúra
brokerage akuszdíj
acoustics akusztika
aquarium akvárium
undermine aláás
alabama alabama
halberd alabárd
halberdier alabárdos
alabaster alabástrom
infra alább
undermentioned alábbi
hereinafter alábbiakban
hereunder alábbiakban
depreciation alábecslés
undervaluation alábecslés
underestimate alábecsül
underrate alábecsül
undervalue alábecsül
low alacsony
basement alagsor
tunnel alagút
underscore aláhúz
underbar aláhúzás
underline aláhúzás
underlined aláhúzott
underscored aláhúzott
underbid aláígér
underquote aláígér
subscribe aláír
underwrite aláír
signature aláírás
subscription aláírás
unsigned aláíratlan
signatory aláíró
subscriber aláíró
underwriter aláíró
underwritten aláírt
underwrote aláírt
build alak
figure alak
form alak
modal alaki
technically alakilag
malleable alakítható
malleability alakíthatóság
moulder alakító
amorphous alaktalan
shapeless alaktalan
shapelessness alaktalanság
accidence alaktan
morphology alaktan
shaped alakú
formation alakzat
shamateur álamatőr
subbed alámerült
alms alamizsna
dole alamizsna
menial alantas
underling alantas
understrapper alantas
nominative alanyeset
nominative alanyeseti
subjective alanyi
base alap
basis alap
foundations alap
fund alap
substratum alap
elements alapfogalmak
keynote alaphang
axiom alapigazság
basics alapismeretek
fundamentals alapismeretek
rudiments alapismeretek
endow alapít
flotation alapítás
floater alapító
founder alapító
foundress alapító
endowment alapítvány
foundation alapítvány
underlie alapja
motherboard alapkártya
baseline alapkonfiguráció
substrata alapok
underlying alapok
elaborate alapos
exhaustive alapos
profound alapos
thoroughgoing alapos
extensively alaposan
profoundly alaposan
soundly alaposan
soundness alaposság
thoroughnes alaposság
grounding alapozás
layouts alaprajzok
subgrade alaptalaj
baseless alaptalan
groundless alaptalan
basal alapvető
basic alapvető
elemental alapvető
fundamental alapvető
basically alapvetően
fundamentally alapvetően
base alapzat
pinchbeck álarany
mask álarc
masked álarcos
masker álarcos
masquerade álarcosbál
subsume alárendel
subordination alárendelés
subaltern alárendelt
subordinate alárendelt
tributary alárendelt
underpin alátámaszt
underprop alátámaszt
abutment alátámasztás
fulcrum alátámasztás
below alatt
during alatt
under alatt
underneath alatt
cattish alattomos
clandestine alattomos
insidious alattomos
sneak alattomos
underhand alattomos
shiftiness alattomosság
dependant alattvaló
rascally alávaló
abjectly alávalóan
abjection alávalóság
rascality alávalóság
subjugate alávet
submit alávet
subjection alávetés
humble alázatos
obsequious alázatos
servile alázatos
humbly alázatosan
humbleness alázatosság
lowliness alázatosság
diggings albérlet
digs albérlet
sublet albérlet
underlease albérlet
lodger albérlő
roomer albérlő
subtenant albérlő
tenent albérlő
undertenant albérlő
albert albert
albino albínó
subcommittee albizottság
wiseacre álbölcs
album album
camouflage álcázás
subheading alcím
subtitle alcím
bless áld
benediction áldás
blessing áldás
blessed áldott
sacrifice áldozás
holocaust áldozat
oblation áldozat
victim áldozat
sacrificial áldozati
substructure alépítmény
underexposure alexponálás
alpha alfa
subspecies alfaj
subspecies alfajok
lowland alföld
subfunction alfunkció
algebra algebra
algebraic algebrai
algorithm algoritmus
alibi alibi
hardly alig
scarcely alig
alligator aligátor
allison alíz
socle alj
ignoble aljas
ignominious aljas
knavish aljas
scurvied aljas
scurvy aljas
baseness aljasság
lowness aljasság
meanness aljasság
sordidness aljasság
turpitude aljasság
foully aljasul
scurvily aljasul
vilely aljasul
underwood aljnövényzet
socle aljzat
underlay aljzat
eligible alkalmas
expedient alkalmas
suitable alkalmas
aptness alkalmasság
competence alkalmasság
competency alkalmasság
eligibility alkalmasság
fitness alkalmasság
suitability alkalmasság
inappropriate alkalmatlan
inapt alkalmatlan
inexpedient alkalmatlan
unadapted alkalmatlan
unapt alkalmatlan
unfit alkalmatlan
unsuitable alkalmatlan
unsuited alkalmatlan
unwelcome alkalmatlan
disability alkalmatlanság
inaptitude alkalmatlanság
inexpediency alkalmatlanság
ply alkalmaz
application alkalmazás
employement alkalmazás
applications alkalmazások
adaptable alkalmazható
applicable alkalmazható
employable alkalmazható
accommodation alkalmazkodás
adaptation alkalmazkodás
deference alkalmazkodás
conformity alkalmazkodik
conformable alkalmazkodó
conformist alkalmazkodó
adaptability alkalmazkodóképes
applied alkalmazott
employed alkalmazott
plied alkalmazott
applies alkalmazottak
casual alkalmi
extemporaneous alkalmi
occasional alkalmi
occasionally alkalmilag
occassionally alkalmilag
occasion alkalom
opportunity alkalom
forearm alkar
component alkatrész
components alkatrészek
alchemy alkímia
alchemist alkimista
viceroy alkirály
viceregal alkirályi
vicerine alkirályné
viceroyalty alkirályság
alcohol alkohol
bootlegger alkoholcsempész
rumrunner alkoholcsempész
breathalyser alkoholszonda
breathanalyser alkoholszonda
nightfall alkony
gloaming alkonyat
crepuscular alkonyati
crepuscular alkonyi
afterglow alkonypír
constitue alkot
constitute alkot
constitution alkotmány
unconstitutional alkotmányellenes
constitutional alkotmányos
constitutionaism alkotmányosság
constituent alkotó
constitutive alkotó
creative alkotó
creator alkotó
element alkotóelem
ingredient alkotórész
subdirectory alkönyvtár
subdirectories alkönyvtárak
bargain alku
dicker alkudozik
haggle alkudozik
broker alkusz
chin áll
stand áll
state állam
statesman államférfi
statesmanlike államférfiúi
polity államigazgatás
statehood államiság
interstate államközi
nationalize államosít
secularize államosít
socialize államosít
nationalization államosítás
secularization államosítás
citizen állampolgár
citizenship állampolgárság
nationality állampolgárság
confederacy államszövetség
confederation államszövetség
statecraft államvezetés
constant állandó
immutable állandó
perennial állandó
stationary állandó
constants állandók
constancy állandóság
immutability állandóság
stability állandóság
consolidate állandósít
perpetuate állandósít
stabilization állandósítás
fettle állapot
status állapot
trim állapot
states állapotok
enceinte állapotos
standpoint álláspont
placeless állástalan
animal állat
bestiality állatiasság
zoo állatkert
vet állatorvos
veterinarian állatorvos
veterinary állatorvosi
zodiac állatöv
zodiacal állatövi
menagerie állatsereglet
tamer állatszelídítő
zoological állattani
stockman állattenyésztő
fauna állatvilág
loiter álldogál
allergy allergia
allergic allergiás
inconstant állhatatlan
fickleness állhatatlanság
inconstancy állhatatlanság
perseverant állhatatos
steadfast állhatatos
tenacious állhatatos
undeviating állhatatos
steadfastness állhatatosság
tenacity állhatatosság
pertinacity állhatatossás
affirm állít
allege állít
assert állít
averr állít
affirmation állítás
allegation állítás
assertion állítás
predicate állítás
statement állítás
statements állítások
predicative állító
allegedly állítólag
reputely állítólag
supposedly állítólag
alleged állítólagos
ostensible állítólagos
supposed állítólagos
stop! állj!
jawed állkapcsú
chapped állkapocs
jaw állkapocs
stagnant álló
standing álló
stationary álló
stayer állóképes
endurance állóképesség
file állomány
files állományok
station állomás
station állomáshely
stator állórész
stale állott
stood állt
scaffold állvány
trestle állvány
gantry állványzat
scaffolding állványzat
staging állványzat
apple alma
cider almabor
dreamless álmatlan
sleepless álmatlan
insomnia álmatlanság
sleeplessness álmatlanság
pomace almatörköly
submenu almenü
daydream álmodozás
musing álmodozás
reverie álmodozás
dreamer álmodozó
dreaming álmodozó
dreamy álmodozó
sleepy álmos
somnolent álmos
sleepily álmosan
drowse álmosít
drowsy álmosító
drowsiness álmosság
sleepiness álmosság
somnolence álmosság
subgenus alnem
subgenera alnemek
alias álnév
pseudonym álnév
aliases álnevek
disingenuous álnok
perfidiousness álnokság
perfidy álnokság
sophism álokoskodás
sophistry álokoskodás
sophist álokoskodó
dream álom
asleep álomban
dreamland álomvilág
subclass alosztály
subdivision alosztály
suborder alosztály
respondent alperes
alpine alpesi
subprogram alprogram
subroutine alprogram
disguise álruha
lower alsó
nether alsó
inferiority alsóbbrendűség
undershirt alsóing
briefs alsónadrág
pants alsónadrág
smalls alsónadrág
underpants alsónadrág
underlinen alsónemű
underwear alsónemű
petticoat alsószoknya
underskirt alsószoknya
prudery álszemérem
demure álszemérmes
pharisaic álszent
sanctimonious álszent
pharisaical álszenteskedő
sleep alszik
commonly általában
subgrade altalaj
subsoil altalaj
undersoil altalaj
general általános
generic általános
global általános
reccived általános
universal általános
generally általánosan
generalize általánosít
generalization általánosítás
generality általánosság
soporific altató
lullaby altatódal
narcotic altatószer
soporific altatószer
slept aludt
curd aludttej
tinfoil alufólia
undershot alulcsapott
underexposure alulexponálás
underpaid alulfizetett
undersigned alulírott
underpass aluljáró
underfeed alultáplál
underfed alultáplált
malnutrition alultápláltság
subcontractor alvállalkozó
dormant alvó
sleeper alvó
sleeping alvó
amateur amatőr
unprofessional amatőr
yon amaz
ambergris ámbra
till ameddig
besides amellett
'sides amellett
which amely
which amelyik
according amennyiben
insofar amennyiben
america amerika
american amerikai
americanism amerikanizmus
thereat amiatt
wherein amiben
whereby amiből
whereof amiből
wherefore amiért
until amíg
when amikor
whereon amin
whereat amire
whereupon amire
mystification ámítás
wherewith amivel
amortization amortizáció
beyond amott
yonder amott
amoeba amőba
amp amper
ampere amper
ammeter ampermérő
amplitude amplitúdó
ampoule ampulla
amputate amputál
amputation amputálás
phylactery amulett
analytical analitikus
pineapple ananász
anecdote anekdota
albion anglia
england anglia
english angol
rachitis angolkór
rickets angolkór
rachitic angolkóros
conger angolna
eel angolna
angel angyal
cherub angyal
serapf angyal
angelic angyali
seraphic angyali
anise ánizs
ann anna
anne anna
anode anód
anorak anorák
aerial antenna
antenna antenna
abstainer antialkoholista
teetotaller antialkoholista
teetotalism antialkoholizmus
antibiotic antibiotikum
ancient antik
antiquities antikvitás
steenbok antilop
antithesis antitézis
mother anya
metabolism anyagcsere
materialism anyagelvűség
corporeal anyagi
material anyagi
wherewithal anyagiak
worldling anyagias
materials anyagok
matricide anyagyilkosság
maternal anyai
motherly anyai
matriarch anyaijog
naevus anyajegy
matriarchal anyajogi
ewe anyajuh
registrar anyakönyvvezető
milkshop anyámasszonykatonája
uterus anyaméh
womb anyaméh
vernacular anyanyelv
ergot anyarozs
maternity anyaság
motherhood anyaság
tigress anyatigris
motherless anyátlan
udderless anyátlan
mammy anyuka
father apa
nun apáca
wimple apácafátyol
nunnery apácazárda
parricide apagyilkos
paternal apai
reflux apál
fatherhood apaság
paternity apaság
abbot apát
fatherless apátlan
abbey apátság
aperitif aperitív
attendance ápolás
scruffy ápolatlan
unkempt ápolatlan
nurse ápolónő
frowsty áporodott
frowzy áporodott
fuggy áporodott
staleness áporodottság
apostle apostol
apostolic apostoli
applets appletek
april április
chopped aprított
midget apró
matchwood aprófa
whitebait apróhal
meticulous aprólékos
punctilious aprólékoskodó
meticulosity aprólékosság
minuteness aprólékosság
finely apróra
piccaninny apróság
bantam aprótermetű
papa apuka
cost ár
pr. ár
price ár
pr. ára
freshet áradat
bid árajánlat
flux áram
inductor áramfejlesztő
induction áramgerjesztés
circuit áramkör
fluxation áramlás
collector áramszedő
powerbreak áramszünet
conduction áramvezetés
streamline áramvonal
streamlined áramvonalas
gold arany
golden arany
proportion arány
ratio arány
digger aranyásó
bonanza aranybánya
goldmine aranybánya
auburn aranybarna
roan aranyderes
haemorrhoids aranyér
hemorrhoids aranyér
piles aranyér
laburnum aranyeső
goldilocks aranyhajú
goldfish aranyhal
playboy aranyifjú
wisecrack aranyköpés
proportionate aránylagos
goldsmith aranyműves
ratios arányok
proportional arányos
proportionate arányos
proportionately arányosan
gilding aranyozás
gilder aranyozó
gilded aranyozott
gilt aranyozott
goldplated aranyozott
nugget aranyrög
disproportionate aránytalan
incommensurate aránytalan
disproportion aránytalanság
ormolu aranyutánzat
tidal árapály
tide árapály
macaw arapapagály
parakeet arapapagály
reap arat
harvest aratás
reaping aratás
cropper arató
harvester arató
harvestman arató
reaper arató
harvester aratógép
mast árbóc
pennant árbóczászló
pennon árbóczászló
burgee árbócszalag
cheek arc
facial arcápolás
audacious arcátlan
barefaced arcátlan
boldfaced arcátlan
insolent arcátlan
unblushing arcátlan
contumely arcátlanság
effrontery arcátlanság
impertinence arcátlanság
insolence arcátlanság
unblushingly arcátlanul
yashmak arcfátyol
puckering arcfitor
dimple arcgödör
portrait arckép
portraiture arckép
portraitist arcképfestő
mien arckifejezés
physiognomy arckifejezés
blusher arcpirosító
rouge arcpirosító
tic arcrángás
kleenex arctörlő
lineament arcvonás
complexion arcszín
hippodrome aréna
allowance árengedmény
discounts árengedmény
rebate árengedmény
rate árfolyam
argentina argentína
argon argon
aria ária
peerage arisztokrácia
sodden áritatott
arizona arizona
archway árkádsor
costing árkalkuláció
archangel arkangyal
discount árkedvezmény
hue árnyalat
nuance árnyalat
tinge árnyalat
shade árnyék
shades árnyék
shadow árnyék
umbrage árnyék
shades árnyékol
shading árnyékolás
shadowy árnyékos
shady árnyékos
shadiness árnyékosság
outhouse árnyékszék
ditch árok
trench árok
aroma aroma
flavor aroma
flavour aroma
aromatic aromás
barley árpa
sty árpa
stye árpa
barleycorn árpaszem
bumptious arrogáns
threof arról
injure árt
deleterious ártalmas
harmful ártalmas
injurious ártalmas
noxious ártalmas
pestilent ártalmas
harmless ártalmatlan
innocuous ártalmatlan
inoffensive ártalmatlan
unoffending ártalmatlan
guiltless ártatlan
innocent ártatlan
undesigning ártatlan
innocence ártatlanság
artery artéria
artiste artista
goods áru
ware áru
priced árú
barter árucsere
hoarder árufelhalmozó
stockpile árukészlet
roundsman árukihordó
vanman árukihordó
treachery árulás
treason árulás
telltale árulkodó
traitor áruló
traitorous áruló
treacherous áruló
vender árus
vendor árus
vending árusító
orphan árva
orphaned árva
pansy árvácska
maidenhair árvalányhaj
orphanage árvaság
auction árverés
auctioneer árverésvezető
inundation árvíz
spate árvíz
arsenic arzén
arsenal arzenál
digging ásás
digging ásatás
yawn ásít
gape ásítás
yawn ásítás
yawning ásítozó
dig ásni
spade ásó
sheldrake ásólúd
aspects aspektusok
mineral ásvány
seltzer ásvány
mineralogy ásványtan
minerals ásványvíz
ace ász
unsymmetrical aszimmetrikus
asynchronous aszinkron
ascetic aszkéta
wizened aszott
aspirin aszpirin
assistant asszisztens
missus asszony
mrs. asszony
woman asszony
womenfolk asszonynép
womenfolk asszonynépség
women asszonyok
ma'am asszonyom
madam asszonyom
desk asztal
table asztal
joiner asztalos
joinery asztalosmunka
messmate asztaltárs
deliverable átadható
convert átalakít
redo átalakít
remade átalakít
remake átalakít
transform átalakít
converting átalakítás
transformation átalakítás
converts átalakítások
transformable átalakítható
converter átalakító
redodid átalakított
redone átalakított
converted átalakítva
metamorphosis átalakulás
retool átállít
soaked átázott
soppy átázott
drench átáztat
regroup átcsoportosít
redeployment átcsopostosítás
adapt átdolgoz
reshape átdolgoz
rev. átdolgozott
atheist ateista
atheism ateizmus
spoof átejt
spoof átejtés
empathy átélés
empathize átéléssel
permeable áteresztő
transvalue átértékel
revaluation átértékelés
overlap átfedés
overlapping átfedő
repaint átfest
comprehensive átfogó
hypotenuse átfogó
refashion átformál
remold átformál
remould átformál
overrides átgázol
wade átgázol
fordable átgázolható
transgress áthág
contravention áthágás
transgression áthágás
passed áthaladt
crosstalk áthallás
devolve áthárít
devolution áthárítás
penetrate áthat
pervade áthat
prepossess áthat
transfix áthat
transpierce áthat
penetrating átható
penetrative átható
pervasive átható
piercing átható
penetrate áthatol
permeate áthatol
penetration áthatolás
permeation áthatolás
impervious áthatolhatatlan
penetrable áthatolható
penetrability áthatolhatóság
relocate áthelyez
relocatable áthelyezhető
span áthidal
rewrite átír
transcribe átír
transliterate átír
redirect átirányít
redirects átirányít
redirection átirányítás
redirections átirányítások
redirected átirányítva
transcription átírás
transliteration átírás
transcriber átíró
rewritten átírt
rewrote átírt
impregnate átitat
impregnation átitatás
soakage átitatás
spanned átívelt
passageway átjáró
commutator átkapcsoló
crossing átkelés
passage átkelés
retrain átképez
imprecation átkozódás
maledictory átkozódó
accursed átkozott
blasted átkozott
cursed átkozott
damned átkozott
perishing átkozott
deuced átkozottul
perishing átkozottul
rehouse átköltöztet
corded átkötött
ransack átkutat
rummage átkutat
rummage átkutatás
remittal átküldés
average átlag
overage átlag
impenetrable átláthatatlan
opaque átlátszatlan
opacity átlátszatlanság
diaphanous átlátszó
gauzy átlátszó
translucent átlátszó
transparent átlátszó
translucence átlátszóság
transparency átlátszóság
bestride átlép
bestrode átlépett
athlete atléta
athletics atlétika
diagonal átlós
transversal átlós
transverse átlós
overshot átlőtt
perforate átlyukaszt
passes átmegy
transition átmenet
transitional átmeneti
transitory átmeneti
transitionally átmenetileg
transit átmenő
resize átméretez
diameter átmérő
diametrically átmérősen
brainwash átnevel
brainwashing átnevelés
rename átnevez
renames átnevez
renamed átnevezett
curse átok
jinx átok
malediction átok
peruse átolvas
perusal átolvasís
atom atom
transfuse átönt
transfusion átöntés
heredity átöröklés
tranship átrak
transhipment átrakodás
rearrange átrendez
redeploy átrendez
redistribute átrendez
realignment átrendezés
rearrangement átrendezés
redistribution átrendezés
realignment átrendeződés
assign átruház
demise átruházás
livery átruházás
untransferable átruházhatatlan
negotiable átruházható
transferable átruházható
transferor átruházó
spiritualize átszellemít
unworldly átszellemült
reorganize átszervez
reshuffle átszervezés
osmosis átszivárgás
pierce átszúr
filtrate átszűr
leach átszűr
percolation átszűrődés
percolate átszűrődik
seep átszűrődik
attaché attasé
rewind áttekercselés
rewound áttekercselt
review áttekint
traverse áttekint
conspectus áttekintés
overview áttekintés
views áttekintések
perspicuous áttekinthető
perspicuity áttekinthetőség
semitransperent áttetsző
decant áttölt
decantation áttöltés
bypass átugrik
remittance átutalás
remit átutalni
replant átültet
repot átültet
transplant átültet
transplantation átültetés
conversion átváltás
mutation átváltozás
transfiguration átváltozás
transmutation átváltozás
metamorphose átváltoztat
transfigure átváltoztat
transmute átváltoztat
convertible átváltoztatható
transmogrify átvarázsol
receivable átvehető
hornswoggle átver
takeover átvétel
recd. átvéve
transmissible átvihető
carry átvitel
transfer átvitel
transference átvitel
transferring átvitel
transmission átvitel
transfers átvitelek
transfered átvitt
nepotism atyafiság
fatherly atyai
paternalistic atyáskodó
august augusztus
australia ausztrália
austria ausztria
car autó
busman autóbuszvezető
klaxon autókürt
automate automatizál
automation automatizálás
automated automatizált
wrecker autómentő
expressway autópálya
freeway autópálya
motorway autópálya
speedway autópálya
superhighway autópálya
throughway autópálya
thruway autópálya
motorist autós
rancid avas
rancidity avasság
uninitiated avatatlan
it az
it'd az
it's az
that az
that's az
the az
thereby azáltal
i.e. azaz
videlicet azaz
viz. azaz
its azé
previously azelőtt
therefore azért
thereupon azért
those azok
those azokat
thereon azon
moreover azonfelül
furthermore azonkívül
thereto azonkívül
withal azonkívül
directly azonnal
forthwith azonnal
prompt azonnal
straightway azonnal
instant azonnali
identical azonos
identify azonosít
refers azonosít
identification azonosítás
identifying azonosítás
identifier azonosító
identifiers azonosítók
identified azonosított
referred azonosított
identity azonosság
sameness azonosság
thence azóta
it azt
macerate áztat
ret áztat
ducking áztatás
retting áztatás
soak áztatás
subsequently azután
thereafter azután
therewith azzal
asian ázsiai
bean bab
beans bab
haricot bab
puppet báb
babe baba
doll baba
bootee babacipő
dollhouse babaház
layette babakelengye
pram babakocsi
laurel babér
laureate babérkoszorús
superstition babona
superstitious babonás
twiddle babrál
puppet bábu
cherish babusgat
poppet babuska
bacillus bacilus
bosh badarság
nonsense badarság
gibber badarul
canister bádogdoboz
tinker bádogos
tinman bádogos
tinner bádogos
tinsmith bádogos
tinning bádogozás
understate bagatellizál
understatement bagatellizálá
baccy bagó
owl bagoly
languid bágyadt
languor bágyadtság
grief baj
mischief baj
trouble baj
charm báj
philter bájital
philtre bájital
wrongdoer bajkeverő
champion bajnok
championship bajnokság
woes bajok
charming bájos
comely bájos
comrade bajtárs
moustache bajusz
mustache bajusz
buck bak
bakelite bakelit
bobbysoxer bakfis
subdeb bakfis
billygoat bakkecske
blunder baklöv
boner baklövés
bungle baklövés
gaffe baklövés
capricorn baktérítő
left bal
bale bála
dupe balek
softie balek
softy balek
sucker balek
tripes balek
accident baleset
misadventure baleset
mishap baleset
ballet balett
ballerina balettáncosnő
fumbler balfácán
roughhouse balhé
bodeful baljós
ominous baljós
portentous baljós
sinister baljós
bodeful baljóslatú
ominous baljóslatú
portentous baljóslatú
sinister baljóslatú
ballad ballada
saltwort ballagófű
bloomer ballépés
carboy ballon
whale bálna
whaler bálnavadász
whaling bálnavadászat
leftist baloldali
leftward balra
doom balsors
fatality balsors
mischance balszerencse
misfortune balszerencse
axe balta
ballroom bálterem
fetish bálvány
idol bálvány
idolater bálványimádó
idolize bálványoz
idolatry bálványozás
idolatrous bálványozó
balm balzsam
balsam balzsam
balmy balzsamos
boob bamba
bamboo bambusz
bamboo bambusznád
staring bámész
gaper bámészkodó
gaze bámul
stare bámul
stare bámulás
prodigious bámulatos
banana banán
rue bánat
sorrow bánat
woe bánat
rueful bánatos
sorrowful bánatos
woebegone bánatos
ruefulness bánatosság
forfeit bánatpénz
gang banda
ganger bandavezér
bandit bandita
desperado bandita
ruffian bandita
squinting bandzsítás
bank bank
banker bankár
banquet bankett
banknote bankjegy
banking bankügylet
ail bánt
maltreat bánt
maltreat bántalmaz
manhandle bántalmaz
maltreatment bántalmazás
offending bántó
mine bánya
collier bányász
miner bányász
pitman bányász
mining bányászat
hutments barakktábor
roam barangol
rove barangol
wander barangol
roaming barangoló
lamb bárány
lambskin báránybőr
sheepskin báránybőr
smallpax bárányhimlő
varicella bárányhimlő
friend barát
chummy baráti
amicably barátilag
fraternize barátkozik
companionable barátkozó
matey barátkozó
sociability barátkozó
lassie barátnő
amity barátság
fellowship barátság
friendship barátság
amicable barátságos
friendly barátságos
neighborly barátságos
neighbourly barátságos
sociable barátságos
doggish barátságtalan
inhospitable barátságtalan
uncivil barátságtalan
unfriendly barátságtalan
ungracious barátságtalan
unkindly barátságtalan
unsociable barátságtalan
unkindness barátságtalanság
unkindly barátságtalanul
furrow barázda
groove barázda
wagtail barázdabillegető
barbar barbár
barbarian barbár
barbara barbara
chopper bárd
soever bárhogyan
anywhere bárhol
where'er bárhol
wheresoever bárhol
wherever bárhol
barium bárium
catkin barka
ark bárka
anyone bárki
cave barlang
grot barlang
grotto barlang
troglodyte barlanglakó
den barlangodú
whichever bármelyik
whichever bármelyiket
however bármennyire
howsoever bármennyire
anything bármi
whate'er bármi
whatever bármi
whatsoever bármi
whene'er bármikor
whenever bármikor
whensoever bármikor
whate'er bármit
whatever bármit
whatsoever bármit
brown barna
swart barnabőrű
swarthy barnabőrű
swarthiness barnabőrűség
brownish barnás
lignite barnaszén
baron báró
baroque barokk
barometer barométer
fowl baromfi
poulterer baromfikereskedő
baroness bárónő
moleskins bársonynadrág
velvety bársonyos
silkiness bársonyosság
velvet básony
bulwark bástya
rampart bástya
rook bástya
bass basszus
brave bátor
courageous bátor
stalwart bátor
stout bátor
valorous bátor
embolden bátorít
encourage bátorít
encouragement bátorítás
encouraged bátorított
bravery bátorság
courage bátorság
fortitude bátorság
gameness bátorság
prowess bátorság
valor bátorság
valour bátorság
spiritless bátortalan
swag batyu
basalt bazalt
bazaar bazár
basil bazsalikom
got be
gotten be
on be
poke be
petition beadvány
embed beágyaz
embeddings beágyazások
embedded beágyazott
commendation beajánlás
adjust beállít
adjustäadjusts beállít
preset beállít
set beállít
tuneup beállít
setup beállítá
adjustäadjusts beállítás
setting beállítás
adjusts beállítások
sets beállítások
settings beállítások
adjustable beállítható
gild bearanyoz
overshadow beárnyékol
interference beavatkozás
intervention beavatkozás
meddling beavatkozás
meddle beavatkozik
interfere beavatkozni
insider beavatott
preshrunk beavatott
mummify bebalzsamoz
mummification bebalzsamozás
baby bébi
bedeck beborít
enfold beborít
envelop beborít
enwrap beborít
imprison bebörtönöz
incarcerate bebörtönöz
imprisonment bebörtönzés
enshroud beburkol
nickname becenév
codification becikkelyezés
siliqua becőtermés
vienna bécs
chisel becsap
deceive becsap
defraud becsap
delude becsap
diddle becsap
slam becsapás
slam becsapódás
merging becsatlakozás
estimable becses
viennase bécsi
fricassee becsinált
estimate becslés
estimation becslés
decry becsmérel
depreciate becsmérel
disparage becsmérel
obloquy becsmérlés
detractor becsmérlő
dishonest becstelen
dishonourable becstelen
stigmatic becstelen
dishonour becstelenség
infamy becstelenség
shut becsuk
honesty becsület
honor becsület
honour becsület
honest becsületes
honourable becsületes
honesty becsületesség
libeller becsületsértő
libellous becsületsértő
libelous becsületsértő
parole becsületszó
appraiser becsüs
valuator becsüs
valuer becsüs
ambition becsvágy
ambitious becsvágyó
outwork bedolgozás
embrocate bedörzsöl
embrocation bedörzsölés
encaustic beégetett
admit beenged
admittance beengedés
unbuilt beépítetlen
hibernate befagyaszt
hibernation befagyasztás
inject befecskendez
injection befecskendezés
conclude befejez
terminates befejez
accomplishment befejezés
ending befejezés
final befejezés
finish befejezés
termination befejezés
incomplete befejezetlen
unaccomplished befejezetlen
uncompleted befejezetlen
unfinished befejezetlen
ended befejezett
finished befejezett
terminated befejezett
terminable befejezhető
finishing befejező
terminating befejező
terminator befejező
blacken befeketít
ascendency befolyás
inflow befolyás
leverage befolyás
affect befolyásol
influence befolyásol
tamper befolyásol
uninfluenced befolyásolatlan
impressionable befolyásolható
suggestible befolyásolható
suggestibility befolyásolhatóság
tamper befolyásoló
influental befolyásos
conserve befőtt
potting befőzés
potted befőzött
besprinkle befröcsköl
insinuate befurakszik
putt begurítás
craw begy
inflect behajlít
embarkation behajózás
shipped behajózott
enmesh behálóz
limitations behatárolás
burgle behatol
incursion behatolás
dredge behint
strew behint
insinuation behízelgés
insinuating behízelgő
submission behódolás
import behozatal
importation behozatal
summon beidéz
induct beiktat
inauguration beiktatás
investiture beiktatás
integration beilleszkedés
enrol beír
enroll beír
enrollment beíratkozás
matriculation beíratkozás
matriculate beíratkozik
schooling beiskolázás
confession beismerés
avowedly beismerten
entrance bejárat
portal bejárat
extern bejáró
charwoman bejárónő
registration bejegyzés
unregistered bejegyzetlen
annunciate bejelent
logged bejelentkezett
incoming bejövő
admission bejutás
frog béka
frogman békaember
duckweed békalencse
on bekapcsolva
peace béke
peacetime béke
annexation bekebelezés
peacetime békeidő
conciliation békéltetés
pacifism békéltetés
makepeace békéltető
pacifist békéltető
peacemaker békéltető
conceited beképzelt
prig beképzelt
snooty beképzelt
uppish beképzelt
egotism beképzeltség
entering bekérés
encirclement bekerítés
entered bekért
peaceable békés
peaceful békés
articles bekezdés
indention bekezdés
fetter béklyó
encode bekódol
swathe beköt
supervention bekövetkezés
supervene bekövetkezik
conciliatory békülékeny
bowel bél
gut bél
intestine bél
pith bél
discretion belátás
meddle beleavatkozik
infatuation belebolondulás
implicate belebonyolít
assent beleegyezés
consent beleegyezés
concede beleegyezik
implied beleért
imply beleért
implication beleértés
implicit beleértett
including beleértve
inclusive beleértve
preoccupation belefeledkezés
preoccupied belefeledkezett
inclusion belefoglalás
entrails belek
innards belek
cling belekapaszkodik
clung belekapaszkodott
involvement belekeveredés
inhalation belélegzés
inhale belélegzik
padded bélelt
engrossment belemélyedés
immerse belemerít
immersion belemerítés
indulge belemerül
henbane beléndek
inculcate belenevel
instil belenevelni
instill belenevelni
acquiesce belenyugszik
acquiescence belenyugvás
enter belépés
entrée belépés
entry belépés
entries belépések
entrant belépő
lining bélés
underlining bélés
embroil belesodor
resigned beletörődő
intersperse belevegyít
flounder belezavarodik
inland belföldi
native belföldi
belgium belgium
colic bélgörcs
internist belgyógyász
infighting belharc
gutstring bélhúr
belorussian belorusz
inner belső
interior belső
internal belső
inwardly belsőleg
inwards belsőleg
chitterlings belsőségek
inside belül
headroom belvilág
impress bélyeg
stamp bélyeg
stamping bélyegzés
stamp bélyegző
stamper bélyegző
philately bélyeggyűjtés
philatelic bélyeggyűjtő
philatelist bélyeggyűjtő
dip bemárt
besmear bemaszatol
indenture bemélyedés
inputs bemenetek
ingress bemenetel
input bemenetet
calibration bemérés
immerse bemerít
immersion bemerítés
incise bemetsz
scarify bemetsz
incision bemetszés
befoul bemocskol
begrime bemocskol
besmirch bemocskol
blotted bemocskol
defile bemocskol
announcer bemondó
introduce bemutat
introduces bemutat
presentation bemutatás
presentment bemutatás
showing bemutatás
premiőre bemutató
preview bemutató
showroom bemutatóterem
lame béna
paralytic béna
lameness bénaság
rumen bendő
banjo bendzsó
populate benépesít
paralysing bénító
paralyzing bénító
within benn
inmate bennlakó
overgrow benő
overgrew benőtt
overgrown benőtt
inward benső
intimately bensőségesen
inwardness bensőségesség
boarder bentlakó
palsied bénult
benzine benzin
gasolene benzin
gasoline benzin
petrol benzin
benzene benzol
impression benyomás
engraft beolt
implant beolt
inoculate beolt
vaccinate beolt
influx beömlés
debouch beömlik
clyster beöntés
enema beöntés
prosecute beperel
sue beperel
insight bepillantás
bedraggled bepiszkított
swaddle bepólyáz
pollinate beporozni
pollination beporzás
stowage berakás
inlaid berakásos
letting bérbeadás
lessor bérbeadó
hire bérbevétel
rentable bérelhető
hired bérelt
hireling bérenc
equipment berendezés
mansions bérháztömb
rowan berkenye
sorb berkenye
hackman bérkocsis
lease bérlet
leasing bérlet
hirer bérlő
lessee bérlő
occupier bérlő
renter bérlő
tenant bérlő
tenantry bérlők
prepay bérmentesít
prepayment bérmentesítés
postpaid bérmentve
prepaid bérmetesített
inrush berohanás
rental bérösszeg
buzz berregés
buzzer berregő
invest beruház
investment beruházás
investor beruházó
refer besorol
enlist besoroz
enlistment besorozás
conscript besorozott
salting besózás
salter besózó
corned besózott
salted besózott
beery besörözött
bestial bestiális
cantonment beszállásolás
embark beszállni
diatribe beszé
collect beszed
speech beszéd
talk beszéd
chatty beszédes
talkative beszédes
uncollected beszedetlen
utterance beszédmód
speak beszél
interview beszélgetés
talking beszélgetés
commentator beszélő
interlocutor beszélő
narrator beszélő
speaking beszélő
talker beszélő
spake beszélt
spoken beszélt
bedaub beszennyez
contaminate beszennyez
pollute beszennyez
sully beszennyez
contamination beszennyezés
procure beszerez
unobtainable beszerezhetetlen
unprocurable beszerezhetetlen
procuration beszerzés
procurement beszerzés
infiltration beszivárgás
sprinkle beszór
strewed beszórt
strewn beszórt
ins beszúr
insert beszúr
interpolate beszúr
poke beszúr
inserting beszúrás
insertion beszúrás
interpolation beszúrás
prefixing beszúrás
inserted beszúrt
prefixed beszúrt
beta beta
overlaid betakart
semiskilled betanított
ailing beteg
diseased beteg
ill beteg
patient beteg
sick beteg
sickly beteges
morbidity betegesség
morbidness betegesség
sickliness betegesség
ailment betegség
disease betegség
illness betegség
malady betegség
sickness betegség
infirmary betegszoba
introspection betekintés
consummation beteljesülés
fulfillment beteljesülés
fulfilment beteljesülés
unfulfilled beteljesületlen
inset betétlap
crowning betetőzés
ban betilt
encapsulate betokosodik
intrusion betolakodás
gatecrash betolakodik
interloper betolakodó
intruder betolakodó
loads betölt
load betöltés
loading betöltés
startup betöltés
unfilled betöltetlen
bootable betölthető
loaded betöltött
burgle betör
irruption betörés
burglar betörő
cracksman betörő
housebreaker betörő
alphabetically betűrendben
alphabetical betűrendes
typesetting betűszedés
compositor betüszedő
setter betűszedő
typesetter betűszedő
spell betűz
spelling betűzés
spelled betűzött
spelt betűzött
rascal betyár
teaser beugrató
arraign bevádol
notch bevágás
entrain bevagoníroz
plastered bevakolt
avow bevall
confess bevall
avowal bevallás
confessedly bevallottan
professedly bevallottan
immigration bevándorlás
immigrant bevándorló
immigrate bevándorol
hypermarket bevásárlóközpont
shopped bevásárolva
engrain bevés
engrave bevés
ingrain bevés
get bevesz
got bevesz
gotten bevesz
receipts bevétel
deployment bevetés
sortie bevetés
orthodox bevett
introduction bevezetés
prelude bevezetés
primer bevezetés
introduced bevezetett
introductory bevezető
prefatory bevezető
sheathe bevon
overeat bezabál
overeate bezabált
overeaten bezabált
closure bezárás
pent bezárt
closes bezártak
biathlon biatlon
pistil bibe
pistillate bibés
lapwing bíbic
peewit bíbic
pewit bíbic
bible biblia
biblical bibliai
purple bíbor
magenta bíborvörös
wagging biccentés
wagged biccentett
hobble bicegés
biceps bicepsz
bike bicikli
inflater biciklipumpa
penknife bicska
beefsteak bifsztek
steak bifsztek
bigamy bigámia
bigamous bigámiás
bigamist bigámista
gadgetry bigyók
bull bika
pizzle bikacsök
bullfight bikaviadal
bikini bikini
jerry bili
po bili
snooker biliárd
gyves bilincs
handcuff bilincs
manacle bilincs
shackle bilincs
sway billegés
tilt billen
tipping billenés
tilting billenő
tilt billent
tipping billentés
keys billentyűk
keystroke billentyűsor
keyboard billentyűzet
manuals billentyűzet
keyboards billentyűzetek
bud bimbó
burgeon bimbó
budding bimbózó
bingo bingó
biology biológia
bionics bionika
bionic bionikus
has bír
hath bír
criticism bírálat
critique bírálat
animadversion bírálgatás
reviewer bíráló
justiciary bíráskodó
mutton birkahús
sheepshank birkalábszár
shearer birkanyíró
tussle birkózás
wrestling birkózás
wrestle birkózik
wrestler birkózó
adjudicator bíró
judge bíró
referee bíró
empire birodalom
realm birodalom
judiciary bírói
tribunal bíróság
quince birsalma
had birt
'd bírt
hadst bírtál
domain birtok
having birtok
tenure birtok
occupancy birtoklás
possession birtoklás
occupant birtokos
possessive birtokosi
bisexual biszexuális
bits bitek
usurpation bitorlás
usurper bitorló
usurping bitorló
usurp bitorol
buff bivalybőr
chummy bizalmas
confidential bizalmas
privately bizalmasan
familiarities bizalmaskodás
distrustful bizalmatlan
mistrustful bizalmatlan
mistrust bizalmatlanság
fiduciary bizalmi
confidence bizalom
faith bizalom
reliance bizalom
trust bizalom
trustfulness bizalom
trustingly bizalommal
trustful bizalomteljes
bizarre bizarr
freakish bizarr
reliant bízik
relied bízni
rely bízni
trusting bízó
consignee bizományos
argue bizonyít
attest bizonyít
aver bizonyít
prove bizonyít
demonstration bizonyítás
argument bizonyíték
evidence bizonyíték
proof bizonyíték
arguments bizonyítékok
assertive bizonyítgató
provable bizonyítható
demonstrability bizonyíthatóság
documented bizonyított
cert. bizonyítv
certainty bizonyosság
certitude bizonyosság
testimony bizonyság
ambiguous bizonytalan
cranky bizonytalan
hesitating bizonytalan
insecure bizonytalan
precarious bizonytalan
transcendental bizonytalan
uncertain bizonytalan
undecided bizonytalan
unsettled bizonytalan
unstable bizonytalan
unsteady bizonytalan
unsubstantiated bizonytalan
wobbler bizonytalan
wobbly bizonytalan
wonky bizonytalan
incertitude bizonytalanság
insecurity bizonytalanság
shakiness bizonytalanság
uncertainty bizonytalanság
unsteadiness bizonytalanság
vagueness bizonytalanság
uncertainly bizonytalanul
vaguely bizonytalanul
committee bizottság
reassuring biztató
safety biztonság
security biztonság
secure biztonságos
securely biztonságosan
certain biztos
commissioner biztos
confident biztos
safe biztos
sure biztos
certainly biztosan
safely biztosan
sure biztosan
surely biztosan
assure biztosít
ensure biztosít
insure biztosítani
insurance biztosítás
fuse biztosíték
safeguard biztosíték
insurant biztosító
insurer biztosító
ensured biztosított
insured biztosított
safeness biztosság
sureness biztosság
prickle bizsergés
moonshine blabla
catchpenny blikkfangos
blockade blokád
block. blokk
pad blokk
blocks blokkok
blocking blokkolás
bluff blöff
blues blues
blouse blúz
shirtwaist blúz
boa boa
crest bóbita
pardon bocsánat
sorry bocsánat
apology bocsánatkérés
stall bódé
curling bodorítás
thistle bogáncs
beetle bogár
crazily bogaras
crotchety bogaras
faddist bogaras
spearwort boglárka
rick boglya
wainwright bognár
wheeler bognár
berry bogyó
droppings bogyó
droppings bogyók
buffoon bohóc
clown bohóc
antics bohóckodás
harlequinqde bohóckodás
burlesque bohózat
buoy bója
boycott bojkottálás
tassel bojt
tuft bojt
tasseled bojtos
tasselled bojtos
tufted bojtos
compliment bók
ankle boka
anklet bokazokni
bobbysox bokazokni
bush bokor
shrub bokor
posy bokréta
sparred bokszol
boxing bokszolás
pugilism bokszolás
sparring bokszolás
boxer bokszoló
pug bokszoló
pugilist bokszoló
scrapper bokszoló
blissfull boldog
glad boldog
happy boldog
palmy boldog
gladly boldogan
happily boldogan
beatitude boldogság
bliss boldogság
felicity boldogság
gladness boldogság
happiness boldogság
unhappy boldogtalan
unhappiness boldogtalanság
unhappily boldogtalanul
prosperity boldogulás
flea bolha
beckon bólint
nod bólint
nodding bólintó
batty bolond
bedlamite bolond
coxcomb bolond
crazy bolond
dippy bolond
fool bolond
loony bolond
madman bolond
wacky bolond
clownish bolondos
daft bolondos
scatty bolondos
zany bolondos
buffoonery bolondozás
foolery bolondozás
fooleries bolondság
fooleries bolondságok
shop bolt
arch boltív
domed boltíves
shopkeeper boltos
shopman boltos
vaulting boltozat
vaulted boltozatos
planet bolygó
planetary bolygó
interstellar bolygóközi
fuzz bolyh
fluffy bolyhos
napped bolyhos
napping bolyhosítás
terry bolyhozás
bomb bomba
bombastic bombasztikus
bombard bombáz
bombardment bombázás
bomber bombázó
disorganize bomlaszt
disruptive bomlasztó
dissect boncol
dissection boncolás
dissect boncolgat
dissection boncolgatás
anatomy bonctan
bonus bónusz
complications bonyodalmak
complication bonyodalom
imbroglio bonyodalom
complicate bonyolít
complicated bonyolult
intricate bonyolult
involved bonyolult
complexity bonyolultság
intricacy bonyolultság
subtility bonyolultság
wine bor
barber borbély
rib borda
ribbed bordás
corrugation bordázat
wale bordázat
brothel bordélyház
tosspot borissza
overlay borítás
envelope boríték
coated borított
vinous borízű
calf borjú
veal borjúhús
sweetbread borjúmirigy
vintner borkereskedő
tartaric borkő
foment borogat
fomentation borogatás
juniper boróka
gin borókapálinka
hollands borókapálinka
harrow borona
ivy borostyán
amber borostyánsárga
razor borotva
scrubby borotválatlan
unshaven' borotválatlan
shaving borotválkozás
shav borotválkozik
shave borotválkozik
shaveling borotvált
shaven borotvált
gratuity borravaló
pepper bors
peppermint borsmenta
pea borsó
peas borsó
pease borsó
peppery borsos
peppercorn borsszem
pessimism borúlátás
pessimist borúlátó
pessimistic borúlátó
dishevelled borzas
fuzzy borzas
dreadful borzasztó
horrible borzasztó
awfully borzasztóan
frightfully borzasztóan
horribly borzasztóan
mezzotint borzolás
shudder borzong
shudder borzongás
thrill borzongás
boston boston
hag boszorkány
sorceress boszorkány
witch boszorkány
sorcery boszorkányság
witchcraft boszorkányság
vexed bosszankodó
aggrieve bosszant
annoy bosszant
chivvy bosszant
irk bosszant
rile bosszant
twit bosszant
vex bosszant
twitting bosszantás
vexation bosszantás
annoying bosszantó
bothersome bosszantó
galling bosszantó
invidious bosszantó
irksome bosszantó
pesky bosszantó
plaguey bosszantó
plaguy bosszantó
vexatious bosszantó
vexing bosszantó
twitted bosszantott
revenge bosszú
vengeance bosszú
avenger bosszúálló
vengeful bosszúálló
vindictive bosszúálló
annoyed bosszús
fretful bosszús
pettish bosszús
annoyance bosszúság
bother bosszúság
vindictiveness bosszúvágy
revengeful bosszúvágyó
stick bot
botanist botanikus
unmusical botfülű
joystick botkormány
stumbling botlás
scandal botrány
muckraker botrányleleplező
flagrancy botrányos
flagrant botrányos
scandalous botrányos
mittens boxkesztyű
bellboy boy
buttons boy
brushy bozontos
bushy bozontos
shaggy bozontos
brushwood bozót
shrubbery bozót
spinney bozót
underbrush bozót
undergrowth bozót
shrubby bozótos
ample bő
garrulous bőbeszédű
glib bőbeszédű
verbose bőbeszédű
voluble bőbeszédű
talkativeness bőbeszédűség
verboseness bőbeszédűség
verbosity bőbeszédűség
firkin bödön
belch böfög
eructation böfögés
moo bőg
botfly bögöly
breeze bögöly
gadfly bögöly
shebeen bögrecsárda
bounteous bőkezű
bountiful bőkezű
largess bőkezű
munificent bőkezű
ungrudging bőkezű
unsparing bőkezű
largesse bőkezűség
munificence bőkezűség
prodigality bőkezűség
crux bökkenő
philosophical bölcs
sage bölcs
wise bölcs
wiser bölcsebb
philosophize bölcselkedik
sententious bölcselkedő
wisely bölcsen
wisdom bölcsesség
philosophy bölcsészet
cradle bölcső
crőche bölcsőde
buffalo bölény
pigsticker böllér
glean böngész
gleanings böngészet
browse böngészik
browser böngésző
browsers böngészők
leather bőr
skin bőr
dermatologist bőrgyógyász
dermatology bőrgyógyászat
suitcase bőrönd
trunkful bőröndnyi
portmanteaus bőröndök
portmanteaux bőröndök
leathery bőrszerű
dungeon börtön
gaol börtön
hoosegow börtön
jail börtön
prison börtön
quod börtön
gaoler börtönőr
jailer börtönőr
turnkey börtönőr
jailbird börtöntöltelék
logwood börzsönyfa
abundance bőség
ampleness bőség
foison bőség
glut bőség
plenty bőség
wealth bőség
abundant bőséges
ample bőséges
copious bőséges
luxuriant bőséges
plenteous bőséges
plentiful bőséges
superabundant bőséges
unstinted bőséges
amply bőségesen
profusely bőségesen
cornucopia bőségszaru
superabundance bővelkedés
abound bővelkedik
superabound bővelkedik
teeming bővelkedő
galore bőven
expension bövités
hobnob bratyizás
brazil brazil
brazilian brazil
croak brekegés
brigade brigád
brill briliáns
british brit
broadway broadway
brocade brokát
brooch bross
broshure brossúra
pamphlet brosúra
beastly brutális
brutal brutális
beastliness brutalitás
woeful búbánatos
bubble buborék
mound bucka
farewell búcsú
parting búcsú
valediction búcsúbeszéd
valedictory búcsúztató
jakes budi
loo budi
ingot buga
boor bugris
churl bugris
hillbilly bugris
knickers bugyi
panties bugyi
gurgle bugyogás
incontinent buja
lascivious buja
lewd buja
prurient buja
venery bujálkodás
incontinence bujaság
wantonnes bujaság
downfall bukás
somersault bukfenc
bookie bukméker
bookmaker bukméker
breaker bukóhullám
smew bukómadár
helmet bukósisak
bulgarian bulgár
bulldog bulldog
boomerang bumeráng
furcoat bunda
pelisse bunda
bunker bunker
butt bunkó
hick bunkó
bludgeon bunkósbot
knobkerrie bunkósbot
knobstick bunkósbot
shillelagh bunkósbot
fisticuffs bunyó
pasting bunyó
bruiser bunyós
chips burgonyaszirom
crisps burgonyaszirom
proliferation burjánzás
proliferate burjánzik
enshroud burkol
coating burkolat
muffle burkolat
revertment burkolat
sheathing burkolat
veneer burkolat
wrap burkolat
wrapper burkolat
burlesque burleszk
hemlock burok
tegument burok
melancholic búskomor
saturnine búskomor
mope búslakodik
bus busz
bussed busz
busses busz
brainless buta
fatuous buta
butane butángáz
fatuity butaság
boutique butik
furniture bútor
furnosher bútorkereskedő
unfurnished bútorozatlan
furnished bútorozott
tabaret bútorselyemszövet
pantechnicon bútorszállító
furniture bútorzat
diver búvár
plunger búvár
wheat búza
wheaten búza
semolina búzadara
wheatmeal búzadara
bluebottle búzavirág
hearten buzdít
hortative buzdító
hortatory buzdító
ardor buzgalom
zeal buzgalom
eager buzgó
nancy buzi
pederast buzi
popple buzog
mace buzogány
glamour bűbáj
glamourous bűbájos
ravishing bűbályos
fetid büdös
malodorous büdös
smelly büdös
stinking büdös
buffet büfé
burp büfög
beech bükk
beech bükkfa
vetch bükköny
sin bűn
scapegoat bűnbak
contrition bűnbánat
penance bűnbánat
penitence bűnbánat
repentance bűnbánat
penitential bűnbánati
contrite bűnbánó
penitent bűnbánó
remorseful bűnbánó
repentant bűnbánó
atonement bűnhődés
expiation bűnhődés
clues bűnjelek
criminal bűnös
culprit bűnös
felon bűnös
felonious bűnös
guilty bűnös
sinful bűnös
sinned bűnös
sinner bűnös
wicked bűnös
criminally bűnösen
culpability bűnösség
guilt bűnösség
sinfulness bűnösség
delinquency bűnözés
offender bűnöző
abetment bűnpártolás
accomplice bűnrészes
complicity bűnrészesség
abetter bűnsegéd
abettor bűnsegéd
sinless bűntelen
crime bűntény
castigate büntet
punish büntet
culpable büntetendő
comeuppance büntetés
penalty büntetés
punishment büntetés
retribution büntetés
punishable büntethető
unpunished büntetlen
impunity büntetlenség
penal büntető
punitive büntető
felony bűntett
delinquent bűntettes
compunction bűntudat
bureaucracy bürokrácia
bureaucrat bürokrata
bureaucratic bürokratikus
proud büszke
pride büszkeség
gnarled bütykös
knobly bütykös
gnarl bütyök
knurl bütyök
spline bütyök
illusionist bűvész
magician bűvész
sleight bűvészet
legerdemain bűvészmutatvány
magic bűvös
stench bűz
stink bűz
skunk bűzborz
stank bűzlött
mephitic bűzös
byte byte
tatter cafat
confutation cáfolat
disproof cáfolat
rebuttal cáfolat
refutation cáfolat
shark cápa
shagreen cápabőr
czar cár
tsar cár
tzar cár
tsetse cecelégy
cedar cédrus
scrip cédula
firma cég
fascia cégtábla
beetroot cékla
beets cékla
aim cél
goal cél
intent cél
pourpose cél
purpose cél
cell cella
butts céllövölde
sellotepe cellux
cellophane celofán
targets célok
innuendo célozgatás
bourn célpont
target célpont
subservient célszerű
expedience célszerűség
subservience célszerűség
impolitic célszerűtlen
inadvisable célszerűtlen
unfeasible célszerűtlen
dartboard céltábla
aimless céltalan
driftless céltalan
motiveless céltalan
otiose céltalan
purposeless céltalan
purposeful céltudatos
hint célzás
allusive célzó
cement cement
slurry cementhabarcs
cent cent
centenary centenárium
centimeter centiméter
centimetre centiméter
centrifuge centrifuga
censor cenzor
censure cenzúra
expurgate cenzúráz
expurgation cenzúrázás
vermicelli cérnametélt
pencil ceruza
spermaceti cetvelő
chicago chicago
puss cica
milfoil cickafark
yarrow cickafarkkóró
finery cicoma
furbelows cicoma
prink cicoma
primp cicomás
jittery cidris
jitters cidrizés
tawdry cifra
gaudily cifrán
tawdriness cifraság
gipsy cigány
gypsy cigány
romany cigány
tzigane cigány
auger cigányfúró
cigarette cigaretta
article cikk
copywriter cikkíró
cyclamen ciklámen
cyclic ciklikus
cycle ciklus
address cím
adress cím
addresses címek
adresses címek
blazon címer
scutcheon címerpajzs
heraldry címertan
heraldic címertani
entitle címez
addressable címezhető
label cimke
tab címke
tally címke
labels cimkék
labels címkék
label's cimkének
frontispiece címlapfotó
prelims címnegyed
headword címszó
directory címtár
untitled címtelen
brevet címzetes
unaddressed címzetlen
addressed címzett
addressee címzett
recipient címzett
recipients címzettek
cynic cinikus
cynicism cinizmus
tit cinke
titmouse cinke
vermilion cinóbervörös
cymbal cintányér
tote cipel
shoemaker cipész
shoe cipő
shoes cipő
bootlace cipőfűző
shoelace cipőfűző
shoestring cipőfűző
buttonhook cipőgomboló
shoon cipők
blacking cipőkrém
shoeblack cipőpaszta
shoeshine cipőtisztítás
zip cipzár
zipper cipzár
stridulate ciripel
chirr ciripelés
stridulation ciripelés
cruiser cirkáló
cruising cirkáló
circus cirkusz
cajole cirógat
caress cirógatás
stroking cirógatás
sorghum cirok
zither citera
grapefruit citrancs
lemon citrom
citrus citrusfélék
loggerhead civakodó
civilisation civilizáció
civilization civilizáció
civilize civilizál
uncivilized civilizálatlan
civies civilruha
mufti civilruha
altercation cívódás
chiselled cizellált
thigh comb
femur combcsont
compaq compaq
tench compó
pigtail copf
plait copf
stockade cölöpkerítés
peg cövek
pegging cövekelés
pegged cövekelt
sugar cukor
diabetes cukorbetegség
frosting cukormáz
dredger cukorszóró
confectioner cukrász
sugared cukros
sugary cukros
candied cukrozott
pacifier cumi
soother cumi
squelch cuppog
lovelock csábfürt
allure csábít
entice csábít
enticement csábítás
seduction csábítás
alluring csábító
enticing csábító
seducer csábító
seductive csábító
burble csacsog
prate csacsog
prattle csacsogás
yowl csaholás
gal csaj
jane csaj
dixie csajka
dixy csajka
only csak
mattock csákány
pickax csákány
pickaxe csákány
pickman csákányozó
shako csákó
forsooth csakugyan
swindle csal
family család
householder családapa
paterfamilias családapa
pedigree családfa
familial családi
families családok
nettle csalán
hives csalánkiütés
urticaria csalánkiütés
cheat csalás
deceit csalás
deception csalás
falsehood csalás
fraud csalás
fraudulence csalás
imposture csalás
swindle csalás
decoy csalétek
lure csalétek
delusive csalfa
infallible csalhatatlan
unerring csalhatatlan
infallibility csalhatatlanság
bait csali
blackleg csaló
chiseller csaló
crook csaló
deceiver csaló
sharper csaló
disappointed csalódás
disappointment csalódás
disillusionment csalódás
lovelorn csalódott
coax csalogat
fallacious csalóka
illusive csalóka
illusory csalóka
munch csámcsog
munching csámcsogás
munched csámcsogott
faucet csap
spigot csap
stuck csap
tentacle csáp
bearings csapágy
bushing csapágypersely
crusher csapás
bevy csapat
cohort csapat
team csapat
trooping csapatgyülekezés
skipper csapatkapitány
trooper csapatszállító
trap csapda
snarer csapdaállító
flail csapkod
flutter csapkod
flapped csapkodott
joggle csapolás
tapping csapolás
barkeeper csapos
barman csapos
bartender csapos
potman csapos
tapster csaposlegény
gudgeon csapszeg
czardas csárdás
portico csarnok
emperor császár
imperial császári
empress császárnő
clasp csat
battle csata
tomahawk csatabárd
battleship csatahajó
straggle csatangol
attachment csatlakozás
adjoin csatlakozik
connecting csatlakozó
connector csatlakozó
attach csatlakoztat
attachment csatlakoztatás
attaches csatlakoztatások
attachable csatlakoztatható
henchman csatlós
canal csatorna
chanel csatorna
channel csatorna
drain csatorna
duct csatorna
drainage csatornázás
clap csattanás
screw csavar
vagabondage csavargás
vagrancy csavargás
gadabout csavargó
hobo csavargó
prowler csavargó
tramp csavargó
vagabond csavargó
vagrant csavargó
screwdriver csavarhúzó
spanner csavarkulcs
curl csavarodás
slew csavarodás
slue csavarodás
sluing csavarodás
torsion csavarodás
twist csavarodás
bummed csavarog
gad csavarog
screwy csavaros
screwed csavart
bauble csecsebecse
trinket csecsebecse
infant csecsemő
nurseling csecsemő
nursling csecsemő
babyhood csecsemőkor
infancy csecsemőkor
thymus csecsemőmirigy
czech cseh
czechoslovak csehszlovák
czechoslovakia csehszlovákia
exiguous csekély
fewness csekély
slight csekély
trifling csekély
paucity csekélység
trifle csekélység
trifling csekélység
cheque csekk
checkbook csekkfüzet
artifice csel
servant cseléd
skivvy cselédlány
varletry cselédnépség
deed cselekedet
judo cselgáncs
dawdle cselleng
traipse cselleng
trapes cselleng
violoncellist csellista
cello cselló
violoncello cselló
intrigue cselszövés
plotting cselszövés
scheming cselszövés
schemer cselszövő
harpsichord csemballó
confection csemege
delicacy csemege
dessert csemege
delicatessen csemegeüzlet
smuggler csempész
smuggling csempészés
contraband csempészet
smuggle csempészik
tiling csempézés
tiler csempéző
silence csend
pacific csendes
silent csendes
stilly csendes
stilly csendesen
backer csendestárs
gendarme csendőr
gendarmerie csendőrség
clang cseng
ting cseng
clangor csengés
clangour csengés
ringing csengés
ting csengés
rang csengetett
bel csengő
bell csengő
clangorous csengő
dribble csepegés
dropping csepegés
dropped csepegtet
dropper csepegtető
threshing csépelés
threshing cséplés
thrasher cséplő
thresher cséplő
thrasher cséplőgép
thresher cséplőgép
drop csepp
droplet cseppecske
drops cseppek
liquefaction cseppfolyósítás
tern csér
forsook cserbenhagyott
change csere
exchange csere
swap csere
swop csere
cockchafer cserebogár
maybeetle cserebogár
maybug cserebogár
changes cserék
swapping cserélés
exchangeable cserélhető
tile cserép
potstone cserépagyag
pottery cserépáru
shard cserépdarab
sherd cserépdarab
crockery cserépedény
tiled cserepes
pipkin cseréplábas
cherry cseresznye
chili cseresznyepaprika
chilli cseresznyepaprika
bosky cserjés
stalker cserkésző
chernobyl csernobil
tannin csersav
tanning cserzés
cup csésze
saucer csészealj
sepal csészelevél
cupful csészényi
skirmish csetepaté
chat cseveg
confabulate cseveg
chat csevegés
confabulation csevegés
scoundrelly csibész
chirrup csicsergés
pulley csiga
snail csiga
volute csigavonal
voluted csigavonalas
helical csigavonalú
vertebra csigolya
streak csík
stripe csík
ticklish csiklandós
titillate csiklandoz
tickle csiklandozás
tickling csiklandozás
titillation csiklandozás
tickler csiklandozó
clitoris csikló
foal csikó
gnash csikorgat
gritted csikorgat
strident csikorgó
stridency csikorgósság
scrunch csikorog
gnash csikorogtat
wrangler csikós
streaked csíkos
streaky csíkos
striped csíkos
tinkle csilingel
jingle csilingelés
tinkling csilingelés
asterisk csillag
star csillag
astronomer csillagász
astronomy csillagászat
sidereal csillagászati
starlight csillagfény
astrologer csillagjós
astrology csillagjóslás
constellation csillagkép
starlit csillagos
starred csillagos
starry csillagos
stellar csillagos
stellate csillagos
stellated csillagos
starless csillagtalan
squill csillagvirág
observatory csillagvizsgáló
planetarium csillagvizsgáló
mica csillám
mica csillámpala
allay csillapít
alleviate csillapít
assuage csillapít
quell csillapít
alleviation csillapítás
undamped csillapítatlan
palliative csillapító
chandelier csillár
glisten csillogás
resplendence csillogás
gleaming csillogó
glistening csillogó
lambent csillogó
splendent csillogó
chimpanzee csimpánz
make csinál
shouldest csinált
shouldst csinált
dinky csini
bonny csinos
comely csinos
cute csinos
goodly csinos
handsome csinos
lowely csinos
natty csinos
personable csinos
pretty csinos
handsomely csinosan
prettily csinosan
trimly csinosan
prettify csinosít
prettiness csinosság
naughty csintalan
perky csintalan
prank csíny
stunk csíp
pecking csipegetés
nip csípés
peck csípés
forceps csipesz
nipper csipesz
nippers csipesz
pincers csipesz
tongs csipesz
tweezers csipesz
pinch csipet
lace csipke
lacing csipke
nippy csipkelődő
laced csipkés
lacy csipkés
crenelated csipkézett
crenellated csipkézett
cheep csipog
tweet csipog
tweet csipogás
haunch csípő
hip csípő
sciatic csípő
hipster csípőnadrág
acrimonious csípős
caustic csípős
mordant csípős
pinching csípős
poignant csípős
pungent csípős
stinger csípős
acrimony csípősség
mordacity csípősség
mordancy csípősség
poignancy csípősség
pungency csípősség
germ csíra
germinal csírai
germination csírázás
germinate csíráztat
gimcrack csiricsáré
chirp csiripelés
twitter csiripelés
chicken csirke
giblets csirkeaprólék
scamp csirkefogó
roost csirkeól
grindstone csiszolókő
emery csiszolópor
hist csitt!
mum! csitt!
boot csizma
boots csizma
bootjack csizmahúzó
gaucho csizmanadrág
booted csizmás
bootleg csizmaszár
swash csobogás
marvel csoda
miracle csoda
prodigy csoda
wonder csoda
admirable csodálatos
marvellous csodálatos
marvelous csodálatos
miraculous csodálatos
wonderful csodálatos
wondrous csodálatos
wonderfully csodálatosan
admiringly csodálattal
astonishment csodálkozás
wonderment csodálkozás
wondering csodálkozó
admirer csodáló
admiring csodáló
wonderland csodaország
wondrous csodás
wonderfully csodásan
nostrum csodaszer
panacea csodaszer
kiss csók
daw csóka
jackdaw csóka
kissproof csókálló
chocolate csokoládé
bouquet csokor
bunchy csokor
nosegay csokor
pack csomag
package csomag
packet csomag
parcel csomag
packaging csomagolás
packing csomagolás
wrappings csomagolás
packer csomagoló
packer csomagológép
kraft csomagolópapír
packed csomagolt
knot csomó
junction csomópont
node csomópont
nodal csomóponti
kinky csomós
knotty csomós
boat csónak
dinghy csónak
boating csónakázás
cox csónakkormányos
boatman csónakos
sculler csónakos
waterman csónakos
stub csonk
stump csonk
frustum csonka
mayhem csonkítás
mutilation csonkítás
unabriged csonkítatlan
unexpurgated csonkítatlan
stumper csonkító
bone csont
ossuary csontház
osteopath csontkovács
boneless csontmentes
bony csontos
osseous csontos
ossification csontosodás
boneblack csontszén
osteology csonttan
skeleton csontváz
group csoport
troop csoport
groupname csoportnév
clusters csoportok
groups csoportok
grouping csoportosítás
groupings csoportosítások
foreman csoportvezető
chipped csorba
nick csorba
derogate csorbít
derogatory csorbító
horde csorda
herdsman csordás
colter csoroszlya
coulter csoroszlya
shuffle csoszog
shamble csoszogás
shuffle csoszogás
shuffling csoszogó
pipe cső
tube cső
dug csöcs
teat csöcs
tits csöcs
rabble csőcselék
ragtag csőcselék
teats csöcsök
insolvency csőd
stallion csődör
concourse csődület
rout csődület
plumbing csőhálózat
vestige csökevény
vestigial csökevényes
abate csökken
decrease csökken
abatement csökkenés
reduction csökkenés
wane csökkenés
decreasing csökkenő
descending csökkenő
regressive csökkenő
waning csökkenő
abate csökkent
bate csökkent
reduce csökkent
reduces csökkent
retrench csökkent
abatement csökkentés
curtailment csökkentés
decrementing csökkentés
reduction csökkentés
retrenchment csökkentés
diminished csökkentett
reduced csökkentett
reducible csökkenthető
reducing csökkentő
indocile csökönyöc
mulish csökönyös
indocility csökönyösség
surfeit csömör
drip csöpög
dripping csöpögő
slobber csöpögős
blob csöpp
driblet csöpp
globule csöpp
beak csőr
tubing csőrendszer
purl csörgedezik
clank csörgés
rattler csörgő
rattling csörgő
rattlesnake csörgőkígyó
capstan csörlő
winch csörlő
winder csörlő
windlass csörlő
clink csörög
jarred csörömpölő
piping csövezés
pipeline csővezeték
tubbed csövezett
pinnacle csúcs
spire csúcs
vertex csúcs
peak csúcsérték
ogive csúcsív
peaked csúcsos
peaky csúcsos
apices csúcspont
summit csúcspont
zenith csúcspont
flout csúfol
monkish csuhás
pike csuka
hiccough csuklás
hiccup csuklik
wrist csukló
jointed csuklós
cowl csuklya
gob csula
ugly csúnya
unsightly csúnya
nastily csúnyán
ugliness csúnyaság
merely csupán
denudation csupszság
sliding csúszás
slip csúszás
slippage csúszás
chute csúszda
crawl csúszik
nuthatch csuszka
slider csúszó
reptile csúszómászó
slid csúsztatott
wisp csutak
crotch csúzliágas
wye csúzliágas
liprounding csücsörítés
pastern csüd
quail csügged
unsubdued csüggedetlen
despondent csüggedt
dispirited csüggedt
depress csüggeszt
trotters csülök
barn csűr
garner csűr
thur. csüt.
thurs. csüt.
thursday csütörtök
defiant dacos
unrepentanat dacos
nanny dada
nursemaid dada
falter dadog
stammer dadog
stutter dadog
stammer dadogás
stuttering dadogás
stutterer dadogó
bloated dagadt
swollen dagadt
tumid dagadt
neap dagály
intumescence daganat
tumor daganat
tumour daganat
fatty dagi
melody dal
dahlia dália
melody dallam
tune dallam
melodic dallamos
melodious dallamos
tuneful dallamos
vocalic dallamos
tunefully dallamosan
vocally dallamosan
vocalization dallamosítás
tuneless dallamtalan
untuneful dallamtalan
ditty dalocska
lyrics dalszöveg
lyricist dalszövegíró
damask damaszt
dane dán
danish dán
denmark dánia
groats dara
sleet dara
bit darab
lump darab
piece darab
taskwork darabbérmunka
scrap darabka
whit darabka
taskwork darabmunka
lumpish darabos
lumpy darabos
asperity darabosság
grind darálni
grinder daráló
wasp darázs
vespiary darázsfészek
waspish darázsszerű
dart dárda
pikestaff dárdanyél
wassail dáridó
crane daru
persimmon datolyaszilva
date dátum
datestamping dátumbélyegzés
datestamp dátumbélyegző
dating dátumozás
dated dátumozott
perm dauer
debut debütálás
dec. december
december december
decibel decibel
fondle dédelget
petted dédelgetett
autographed dedikált
dedicated dedikált
definitions definiciók
deformation deformáció
deformity deformáltság
malformation deformáltság
degenerate degenerált
dean dékán
declared deklarált
millboard dekli
décolleté dekoltázs
decoratíve dekoratív
midday dél
noon dél
south dél
tiffin délebéd
depute delegál
culmination delelés
forenoon délelőtt
dolphin delfin
porpoise delfin
meridional déli
southerly déli
southern déli
southward déli
mirage délibáb
midday délidő
southeasterly délkeleti
southeastern délkeleti
meridian délkör
southwesterly délnyugati
southwestern délnyugati
delta delta
triceps deltaizom
afternoon délután
p.m. délután
southerner délvidéki
demijohn demizson
demography demográfia
demographic demográfiai
democracy demokrácia
democrat demokrata
democratic demokratikus
demon démon
vamp démon
demonstrates demonstrál
demoralize demoralizál
batman denevérember
deport deportál
deportation deportálás
deportee deportált
hoar dér
derby derbi
bargee dereglyés
waist derék
waistline derékbőség
backache derékfájás
corset derékfűző
quadrant derékszög
squarely derékszögben
loom dereng
hoary deres
optimism derűlátás
optimist derűlátó
optimistic derűlátó
sunnily derűsen
sunniness derűsség
board deszka
boarding deszkázat
spotter detektív
whodunit detektívregény
bream dévérkeszeg
deviant deviáns
deserter dezertőr
deodorant dezodor
deodorize dezodorál
tithing dézsmaszedés
slide dia
diabetic diabetikus
triumph diadal
paean diadalének
triumphant diadalmaskodó
triumphal diadalmi
diadem diadém
filmstrip diafilm
diagnostics diagnosztikák
diagnosis diagnózis
schoolboy diák
schoolgirl diáklány
schoolmiss diáklány
studentship diákság
diana diána
vainglorious dicsekedő
boast dicsekvés
laud dicsér
meritorious dicséretes
commendable dícséretes
praiseworthy dícséretes
praise dicsérni
halo dicsfény
nimbus dicsfény
canticle dicshimnusz
panegyric dicshimnusz
glorious dicső
emblazon dicsőít
glorify dicsőít
panegyrize dicsőít
glorification dicsőítés
laudatory dicsőítő
glory dicsőség
kudos dicsőség
inglorious dicstelen
shivery didergő
shivery didergős
diet diéta
dietary diétás
digital digitális
wop digó
dago dígó
digraph digramma
award díj
fee díj
prize díj
trophy díj
awards díjak
remunerate díjaz
remuneration díjazás
prizeman díjnyertes
tariff díjszabás
fares díjtételek
dictaphone diktafon
dictation diktálás
dictator diktátor
totalitarian diktatórikus
dictatorship diktatúra
quandary dilemma
batty dilis
dimension dimenzió
dynamics dinamika
dynamic dinamikus
dynamically dinamikusan
dynamite dinamit
dynamo dinamó
dynast dinaszta
dynasty dinasztia
dynastic dinasztikus
dingo dingó
dinosaur dinoszaurusz
melon dinnye
nut dió
walnut dió
diode dióda
nutshell dióhéj
nutty dióízű
diopter dioptria
nutting diószedés
cracker diótörő
diploma diploma
diplomacy diplomácia
graduate diplomás
diplomatist diplomata
diplomatic diplomatikus
chatted diskurál
ornament dísz
fancy díszes
ornate díszes
adorn díszít
decorate díszít
embellish díszít
parget díszít
adornment díszítés
decoration díszítés
garnishee díszítés
ornamentation díszítés
quatrefoil díszítés
unadorned díszítetlen
ornament díszítmény
ornamental díszítő
cortőge díszkíséret
disco diszkó
discus diszkosz
scenery díszlet
scenery díszletek
grunter disznó
pig disznó
piggish disznó
porcine disznó
swine disznó
pigskin disznóbőr
pork disznóhús
piggery disznóól
pigsty disznóól
pigsticking disznóölés
porcine disznószerű
lard disznózsír
robe díszruha
trappings díszruha
defector disszidens
dissident disszidens
dissonant disszonáns
plaque dísztábla
hubcap dísztárcsa
saloon díszterem
baldachin dísztető
stucco díszvakolat
couch dívány
divan dívány
ottoman dívány
fashion divat
vogue divat
milliner divatárusnő
outmoded divatjamúlt
unfashionable divatjamúlt
fashionable divatos
modish divatos
smart divatos
modishness divatosság
smartness divatosság
diesel dízel
decagram dkg
decilitre dl
drum dob
throw dob
tossing dobálás
cast dobás
fling dobás
throwing dobás
drumhead dobhártya
tympanum dobhártya
thrower dobó
patter dobogás
rostrum dobogó
drums dobok
drumm dobol
drummed dobol
drumming dobolás
drummer dobos
percussionist dobos
threw dobott
thrown dobott
box doboz
boxful doboznyi
drumbeat dobpergés
drumstick dobverő
dogma dogma
dogmatic dogmatikus
baccy dohány
chink dohány
tobacco dohány
smoke dohányzik
smoker dohányzó
musty dohos
mustiness dohosság
dock dokk
docks dokk
docker dokkmunkás
dockage dokkolás
doctorate doktorátus
documentation dokumentáció
documents dokumentumok
entities dolgok
things dolgok
working dolgozó
workman dolgozó
workroom dolgozószoba
dollar dollár
matter dolog
shebang dolog
stuff dolog
thing dolog
workhouse dologház
hill domb
hillock dombocska
brae domboldal
emboss domborít
embossed domborított
convex domború
convexity domborúság
downy dombos
hilly dombos
hilliness dombosság
knoll dombtető
wold dombvidék
dominant domináns
domino dominó
donor donor
debauch dorbézolás
admonition dorgálás
reprimand dorgálás
purr dorombol
purring dorombolás
dossier dosszié
jerky döcögős
prod döf
jab döfés
prod döfés
carrion dög
dumpcart dömper
dumper dömper
tipper dömper
punner döngölő
punned döngölt
rammed döngölt
adjudication döntés
arbitrament döntés
decision döntés
drawn döntetlen
decisive döntő
peremptory döntő
adjudicator döntőbíró
arbitrator döntőbíró
thunderous dörgedelmes
rumbling dörgés
chafing dörzsölés
rubbing dörzsölés
rub dörzsölni
cunning dörzsölt
gem drágakő
lapidary drágakőcsiszoló
gemmed drágaköves
dearly drágán
dearness drágaság
ducky drágicám
dramatic drámai
dramatics drámaírás
dramatist drámaíró
playwright drámaíró
wire drót
wireworm drótféreg
wirework drótháló
telpher drótkötélpálya
wired drótozott
wiry drótszerű
funk drukk
bagpipe duda
horn duda
bagpiper dudás
bulge dudor
hunch dudor
duet duett
plugger dugasz
plugger dugaszoló
piston dugattyú
calk duggat
caulk duggat
bung dugó
stopper dugó
stopple dugó
corkscrew dugóhúzó
bacchanalian duhaj
rumbustious duhaj
grapple dulakodás
scrimmage dulakodás
scrum dulakodás
scrummage dulakodás
spiel duma
gassy dumás
danube duna
double dupla
doubleword duplaszó
fractious durcás
peevish durcás
sulk durcásság
fulminate durran
barbaric durva
boorish durva
coarse durva
crass durva
gross durva
rough durva
rude durva
coarseness durvaság
grossness durvaság
roughness durvaság
coarsen durvul
opulent dúsgazdag
enrich dúsít
enrichment dúsítás
tumescent duzzadt
turgid duzzadt
turgidity duzzadtság
swelling duzzanat
tumescence duzzanat
sulkiness duzzogás
peeved duzzogó
sulky duzzogó
anger düh
fury düh
huff dühöng
frenzy dühöngés
frenized dühöngő
raging dühöngő
angry dühös
furious dühös
ratty dühös
wroth dühös
angrily dühösen
furiously dühösen
tantrum dühroham
dune dűne
jam dzsem
jamboree dzsembori
jazz dzsessz
jinnee dzsinn
joker dzsóker
electrocardiogram e.k.g.
herein ebben
dinner ebéd
lunch ebéd
dine ebédel
eaten ebédelt
lunchtime ebédidő
refectory ebédlő
unsleeping éber
vigilant éber
wakeful éber
watchful éber
vigilance éberség
wakefulness éberség
watchfulness éberség
pollywog ebihal
tadpole ebihal
ebonite ebonit
vulcanite ebonit
wake ébred
awakening ébredés
waking ébredés
waker ébredő
woken ébren
reveille ébresztő
vinegar ecet
acetic ecetes
pickled ecetes
vinegary ecetes
eden édenkert
vessel edény
tableware edények
dulcet édes
sweet édes
sweetly édesen
dulcify édesít
sweeten édesít
unsweetened édesítetlen
sweetener édesítő
sweetening édesítőszer
saccharine édeskés
sweetish édeskés
treacly édeskés
fennel édeskömény
candy édesség
comfit édesség
confectionery édesség
sugariness édesség
sweetmeat édesség
sweetness édesség
sweets édesség
candystore édességbolt
workout edzés
trainer edző
trainers edzőcipő
deuce egál
firmament égbolt
sky égbolt
welkin égbolt
skies egek
heavens! egek!
mouse egér
mousetrap egércsapda
mice egerek
mousy egeres
mouser egerész
alder égerfa
mousie egérke
burn égés
combustion égés
integer egész
quite egészen
totally egészen
health egészség
salubrity egészség
cheerio egészségére
cheers egészségére
cheers! egészségére!
hale egészséges
healthy egészséges
salubrious egészséges
wholesome egészséges
healthily egészségesen
salubrity egészségesség
insalubrious egészségtelen
insanitary egészségtelen
unhealthy egészségtelen
unsanitary egészségtelen
unwholesome egészségtelen
sanitary egészségügyi
burnt égetett
burner égető
climate éghajlat
climatic éghajlati
incombustible éghetetlen
celestial égi
empyrean égi
skyey égi
luminary égitest
egoist egoista
afire égő
gooseberry egres
cerulean égszínkék
thunderstorm égzengés
existentialist egzisztencialista
existentialism egzisztencializmus
exotic egzotikus
an egy
one egy
'un egy
equally egyaránt
concurrence egybeesés
concur egybeesik
confluence egybefolyás
intertwine egybefonódás
concordant egybehangzó
convocation egybehívás
amalgamate egybeolvaszt
coincide egybevág
coincidence egybevágás
congruent egybevágó
congruence egybevágóság
collation egybevetés
anyway egyébként
monopolist egyedárus
unique egyedi
uniquely egyedileg
monarch egyeduralkodó
autarchy egyeduralom
alone egyedül
singly egyedül
unaccompanied egyedül
unaided egyedül
unassisted egyedül
single egyedülálló
unequaled egyedülálló
unequalled egyedülálló
unaccompanied egyedüli
individual egyén
equivalence egyenérték
equivalent egyenértékű
equivalence egyenértékűség
lineal egyenes
linear egyenes
straight egyenes
upright egyenes
straight egyenesen
rectitude egyenesség
uprightness egyenesség
jagged egyenetlen
rugged egyenetlen
unevenness egyenetlenség
individual egyéni
rectifier egyenirányító
individuality egyéniség
selfhood egyéniség
individualize egyénít
seriatim egyenkén
severally egyenként
apiece egyenkint
equation egyenlet
balance egyenletes
equable egyenletes
evenness egyenletesség
equator egyenlítő
equatorial egyenlítői
equal egyenlő
even egyenlő
egalitarianism egyenlősdi
equality egyenlőség
leveler egyenlőségpárti
leveller egyenlőségpárti
scalene egyenlőtlen
unequal egyenlőtlen
uneven egyenlőtlen
disparity egyenlőtlenség
inequality egyenlőtlenség
coequal egyenrangú
uniform egyenruha
liveried egyenruhás
equilibrum egyensúly
equipoise egyensúly
poise egyensúly
univalent egyértékű
unambiguous egyértelmű
unequivocal egyértelmű
ones egyesek
affiliate egyesít
combine egyesít
merge egyesít
unify egyesít
unite egyesít
amalgamation egyesítés
combination egyesítés
incorporation egyesítés
unification egyesítés
union egyesítés
combinations egyesítések
adjoint egyesített
combined egyesített
conjoint egyesített
conjugate egyesített
incorporated egyesített
multiplex egyesített
association egyesülés
fusion egyesülés
merger egyesülés
guild egyesület
confluent egyesülő
incorporate egyesült
united egyesült
univ. egyetem
university egyetem
varsity egyetem
undergrad egyetemista
undergraduate egyetemista
conjointly egyetemlegesen
agree egyetért
accordance egyetértés
compliance egyetértés
concordance egyetértés
sole egyetlen
parity egyezés
pact egyezmény
treaty egyezmény
playlet egyfelvonásos
evenly egyformán
monotonous egyhangú
unanimous egyhangú
unrelieved egyhangú
unanimously egyhangúlag
flatness egyhangúság
monotone egyhangúság
monotony egyhangúság
unanimity egyhangúság
ecclesiastical egyházi
parishioner egyháztag
awhile egyideig
concurrent egyidejű
simultaneous egyidejű
synchronic egyidejű
synchronous egyidejű
concurrently egyidejűleg
simultaneously egyidejűleg
synchronical egyidejűleg
simultaneity egyidejűség
synchronism egyidejűség
synchrony egyidejűség
unidirectional egyirányú
monotheism egyistenhit
monotheist egyistenhívő
singleton egyke
coeval egykorú
contemporaneous egykorú
monoecious egylaki
correlate egymásra
interdependence egymásrautaltság
monogamic egynejű
monogamous egynejű
monogamy egynejűség
homogeneous egynemű
homogeneity egyneműség
monocarp egynyári
monolingual egynyelvű
unilingual egynyelvű
unilateral egyoldalú
uniformity egyöntetűség
scull egypárevezős
unipolar egysarkú
device egység
file/device egység
oneness egység
unit egység
unity egység
device's egységé
devices egységek
units egységek
unification egységesítés
deviceattributes egységjellemzők
devicetype egységtípus
unicellular egysejtű
unicorn egyszarvú
nonce egyszer
once egyszer
artless egyszerű
lowly egyszerű
mere egyszerű
simple egyszerű
unostentatious egyszerű
simpler egyszerűbb
simply egyszerűen
simpleness egyszerűség
simplicity egyszerűség
simplify egyszerűsít
simplification egyszerűsítés
simplified egyszerűsített
monocotyledon egyszikű
monochrome egyszínű
unicolor egyszínű
unicolored egyszínű
unicolour egyszínű
unicoloured egyszínű
monosyllabic egyszótagú
monosyllabic egytagú
nincompoop együgyű
ninny együgyű
simp együgyű
simpleton együgyű
together együtt
cohabit együttél
cohabitation együttélés
symbiosis együttélés
commiserate együttérez
sympathize együttérez
solidarity együttérzés
sympathetic együttérző
sympathizer együttérző
sympathizing együttérző
ensemble együttes
jointly együttesen
consonance együtthangzás
coefficient együttható
collaboration együttműködés
collaborate együttműködik
medley egyveleg
miscellany egyveleg
potpourry egyveleg
miscellanies egyvelegek
pittance éhbér
starveling éhenkórász
hungry éhes
peckish éhes
inedible ehetetlen
uneatable ehetetlen
eatable ehető
edible ehető
starvation éhezés
famish éhezik
starve éhezik
thereunto ehhez
famine éhínség
famine éhség
hunger éhség
ejaculate ejakulál
midnight éjfél
whew ejha
nightly éjjeli
nocturnal éjjeli
egad ejnye
night éjszaka
overnight éjszakai
parachute ejtőernyő
parachutist ejtőernyős
paratrooper ejtőernyős
paras ejtőernyősök
paratroops ejtőernyősök
cleat ék
wedge ék
wedged ékalakú
eczema ekcéma
plough eke
plow eke
thus eképpen
jeweled ékesített
jewelled ékesített
elocution ékesszólás
eloquence ékesszólás
oratory ékesszólás
eloquent ékesszóló
moldboard ekevas
mouldboard ekevas
eclogue eklóga
jewellery ékszerbolt
jewelry ékszerbolt
casket ékszerdoboz
jewells ékszerek
jewels ékszerek
casket ékszeresdoboz
jeweler ékszerész
jeweller ékszerész
away el
distribute el
exeunt el
sell elad
selves elad
vend elad
sale eladás
selling eladás
vendition eladás
unsold eladatlan
unmarketable eladhatatlan
unsaleable eladhatatlan
vendible eladható
seller eladó
marriageable eladókorú
indebted eladósodott
sold eladott
divergence elágazás
offshoot elágazás
ramification elágazás
diverge elágazik
ramify elágazik
branching elágazó
lambaste elagyabugyál
lammed elagyabugyált
faint elájul
desist eláll
oversleep elalszik
lull elaltat
overslept elaludt
yankeefied elamerikaisodott
fritter elapróz
inundate eláraszt
overrun eláraszt
submersible elárasztható
flooded elárasztott
overran elárasztott
betray elárul
betrayal elárulás
salesman elárusító
salesgirl elárusítólány
saleswoman elárusítónő
damned elátkozott
obsolescence elavulás
obsolescent elavuló
disused elavult
obsolete elavult
outworn elavult
soaking elázott
understate elbagatellizál
understatement elbagatellizálá
languish elbágyad
captivate elbájol
enrapture elbájol
captivation elbájolás
unnerve elbátortalanít
narrate elbeszél
narration elbeszélés
telling elbeszélés
narratives elbeszélések
narrative elbeszélő
narrator elbeszélő
teller elbeszélő
immodest elbizakodott
overweening elbizakodott
presuming elbizakodott
immodesty elbizakodottság
dismissal elbocsát
sendoff elbocsát
bemuse elbódít
infatuate elbolondít
bewitch elbűvöl
enthral elbűvöl
enthrall elbűvöl
fascinate elbűvöl
ravishment elbűvölés
witchery elbűvölés
bewitching elbűvölő
entrancing elbűvölő
fascinating elbűvölő
glamorous elbűvölő
witching elbűvölő
toils elbűvölve
ensnare elcsábít
entice elcsábít
seduce elcsábít
seduction elcsábítás
straggle elcsatangol
straggler elcsatangoló
wrest elcsavarás
filch elcsen
pilfer elcsen
purloin elcsen
swipe elcsen
banal elcsépelt
corny elcsépelt
hackneyed elcsépelt
trite elcsépelt
nab elcsíp
ossify elcsontosodik
deface elcsúfít
disfigure elcsúfít
defacement elcsúfítás
disfigurement elcsúfítás
slipped elcsúszott
despond elcsügged
dishearten elcsüggeszt
dispirit elcsüggeszt
chuck eldob
belabour eldönget
decided eldöntött
secrete eldug
choked eldugult
vulgarize eldurvít
vulgarization eldurvítás
coarsen eldurvul
roughen eldurvul
elephant elefánt
tusker elefánt
ivory elefántcsont
mahout elefánthajcsár
enough elég
elegance elegancia
stylishness elegancia
elegant elegáns
spiffy elegáns
stylish elegáns
swank elegáns
tony elegáns
stylishly elegánsan
discontented elégedetlen
disgruntled elégedetlen
dissatisfied elégedetlen
malcontent elégedetlen
malcontented elégedetlen
discontent elégedetlenség
dissatisfaction elégedetlenség
satisfied elégedett
competent elegendő
suffice elegendő
sufficient elegendő
elegy elégia
elegiac elégikus
inadequate elégtelen
insufficient elégtelen
unsatisfactory elégtelen
unsatisfying elégtelen
inadequacy elégtelenség
insifficiency elégtelenség
electrode elektróda
electrolyte elektrolit
electrolytic elektrolitikus
electrolysis elektrolízis
magneto elektromágnes
electrometer elektrométer
electric elektromos
electricity elektromosság
electron elektron
electronics elektronika
electronic elektronikai
electrotype elektrotípia
aliment élelem
food élelem
viands élelem
victuals élelem
victual élelmez
provisioning élelmezés
groceries élelmiszeráru
grocery élelmiszerbolt
comestibles élelmiszerek
edibles élelmiszerek
purveyance élelmiszerellátás
foodsupply élelmiszerkészlet
battery elem
element elem
modular elemes
analyse elemez
analyze elemez
construe elemez
parse elemez
parses elemez
elementary elemi
filament elemiszál
provisions élemiszerek
analysis elemzés
parsing elemzés
analyzed elemzett
parsed elemzett
parser elemző
chipper élénk
chirpy élénk
corky élénk
spirited élénk
vivacious élénk
vivid élénk
vividly élénken
enliven élénkít
liveliness élénkség
spiritedness élénkség
sprightliness élénkség
vivaciousness élénkség
vivacity élénkség
vividness élénkség
scarlet élénkvörös
vivify élénlít
checks elenőrzések
contrapuntal elenpontos
evanescent elenyésző
infinitesimal elenyésző
reach elér
access elérés
unhand elereszt
unattainable elérhetetlen
effete elerőtlenedett
touchily elérzékenyedve
acute éles
cutting éles
edged éles
edgy éles
keen éles
sharp éles
trenchant éles
acuity éleselméjűség
sharply élesen
prostrate elesett
sharpen élesít
edging élesítés
sharpener élesítő
larder éléskamra
pantry éléskamra
keenness élesség
sharpness élesség
barm élesztő
leaven élesztő
yeast élesztő
life élet
living élet
vitally életbevágóan
lives életek
maxim életelv
pep életerő
vigor életerő
vigour életerő
vim életerő
vitality életerő
lusty életerős
peppy életerős
vigorous életerős
realistic élethű
viable életképes
viability életképesség
devitalize életképtelenít
age életkor
macrobiotic életmeghosszabbító
living életmód
biography életrajz
memoir életrajz
biographer életrajzíró
saintliness életszentség
physiology élettan
physiological élettani
lifetime élettartam
inanimate élettelen
lifeless élettelen
bouncing életvidám
lively eleven
viviparous elevenszülő
livebearer élevenszülő
desuetude elévülés
dally elfecsérel
blench elfehérít
ulceration elfekélyesedés
ulcerate elfekélyesedik
forgotten elfeledett
forget elfelejt
unlearn elfelejt
forgot elfelejtett
unlearnt elfelejtett
warp elferdülés
capture elfog
catch elfog
accept elfogad
adopt elfogad
receives elfogad
acceptance elfogadás
unacceptable elfogadhatatlan
acceptable elfogadható
admissible elfogadható
passable elfogadható
plausible elfogadható
accepted elfogadott
received elfogadott
capturing elfogás
busied elfoglalt
engaged elfoglalt
caught elfogott
unbiased elfogulatlan
unbiassed elfogulatlan
unprejudiced elfogulatlan
unwarped elfogulatlan
catholicity elfogulatlanság
partiality elfogultság
prepossession elfogultság
ingest elfogyaszt
repress elfojt
repression elfojtás
irrepressible elfojthatatlan
repressed elfojtott
avert elfordít
gasify elgázosít
gassed elgázosított
thoughtfull elgondolkodó
bethought elgondolkozik
thoughtfully elgondolkozva
enfeeble elgyengít
abandon elhagy
dismiss elhagy
forsake elhagy
leave elhagy
omit elhagy
abandonment elhagyás
interleave elhagyás
interleaving elhagyás
interleave elhagyási
interleaving elhagyási
abandoned elhagyatott
desolate elhagyatott
forsaken elhagyatott
secluded elhagyatott
desolation elhagyatottság
deserted elhagyott
forsaken elhagyott
flung elhajított
declination elhajlás
deflexion elhajlás
diversionist elhajló
leant elhajlott
defer elhalasztani
postpone elhalasztani
adjournment elhalasztás
postponement elhalasztás
gagged elhalgattat
reticence elhallgatás
precipitate elhamarkodott
rashness elhamarkodottság
incinerate elhamvaszt
incineration elhamvasztás
mistune elhangolás
untuned elhangolt
neglect elhanyagol
negligible elhanyagolható
forlorn elhanyagolt
neglected elhanyagolt
disrepair elhanyagoltság
obviate elhárít
parry elhárítás
prone elhasalt
attrition elhasználás
attrition elhasználódás
delimitation elhatárolás
demarcation elhatárolás
decide elhatároz
determination elhatározás
locate elhelyez
situate elhelyez
accomodation elhelyezés
emplacement elhelyezés
placement elhelyezés
putting elhelyezés
situated elhelyezett
placer elhelyező
wilt elhervad
wither elhervad
withering elhervadó
blight elhervaszt
disaffection elhidegülés
disaffected elhidegült
obese elhízott
bedim elhomályosít
obfuscate elhomályosít
undimmed elhomályosítatlan
outshone elhomályosított
fetch elhoz
alienate elidegenít
estrange elidegenít
alienation elidegenítés
estrangement elidegenítés
unalienable elidegeníthetetlen
inalienable elidegeníthetetlenség
alienable elidegeníthető
briefing eligazítás
gen eligazítás
deterred elijeszt
initiate elindít
betake elindul
betook elindult
settlement elintézés
settling elintézés
settled elintézve
accolade elismerés
acknowledgement elismerés
recognition elismerés
acknowledged elismert
recognized elismert
élite elit
condemn elítél
deprecate elítél
reprehensible elítélendő
damning elítélő
elixir elixír
proc eljárás
procedure eljárás
proceeding eljárás
procedures eljárások
proceedings eljárások
affiance eljegyez
betroth eljegyez
betrothal eljegyzés
cheered éljeneztek
stun elkábít
digression elkalandozás
divagation elkalandozás
digress elkalandozik
dazzle elkápráztat
discouragement elkedvetlenítés
coddle elkényeztet
cosset elkényeztet
mollycodle elkényeztet
pamper elkényeztet
spoil elkényeztet
amazement elképedés
stupefaction elképedés
stupefy elképeszt
stupendous elképesztő
thumping elképesztő
conception elképzelés
visualization elképzelés
unimaginable elképzelhetetlen
unthinkable elképzelhetetlen
conceivable elképzelhető
imaginable elképzelhető
thinkable elképzelhető
imaginative elképzelt
avoid elkerül
evade elkerül
shun elkerül
avoidance elkerülés
inescapable elkerülhetetlen
inevitable elkerülhetetlen
unavoidable elkerülhetetlen
unescapable elkerülhetetlen
avoidable elkerülhető
exasperation elkeseredés
embittered elkeseredett
grimly elkeseredetten
exacerbate elkeserít
rankling elkeserítő
belated elkésett
lateness elkésettség
making elkészítés
made elkészített
commence elkezd
confiscate elkoboz
confiscation elkobzás
forfeiture elkobzás
poundage elkobzás
seizure elkobzás
outwear elkoptat
outwore elkoptatott
degeneracy elkorcsosulás
degeneration elkorcsosulás
strangulate elköt
commitment elkötelezettség
commit elkövet
perpetrate elkövet
perpetration elkövetés
perpetrator elkövető
unship elküld
sending elküldés
dissociate elkülönít
seclude elkülönít
segregate elkülönít
sequester elkülönít
dissociation elkülönítés
seclusion elkülönítés
segregation elkülönítés
flatten ellaposít
furnish ellát
catering ellátás
supplies ellátás
supply ellátás
unprovided ellátatlan
cater ellátni
against ellen
contra ellen
'gainst ellen
opp. ellen
versus ellen
vs. ellen
oppose ellenáll
withstand ellenáll
resistance ellenállás
rheostat ellenállásszekrény
devastating ellenállhatatlan
irresistible ellenállhatatlan
overpowering ellenállhatatlan
resistless ellenállhatatlan
resist ellenállni
resistant ellenálló
withstood ellenállt
antibody ellenanyag
antimatter ellenanyag
revulsion ellenérzés
adversary ellenfél
antagonist ellenfél
foe ellenfél
foeman ellenfél
opponent ellenfél
countermove ellenintézkedés
contrariety ellenkezés
contrariness ellenkezés
disagree ellenkezik
inverse ellenkező
contrariwise ellenkezőleg
antipodes ellenlábasok
antitoxin ellenméreg
checker ellenőr
supervise ellenöriz
verify ellenőriz
unchecked ellenőrizetlen
uncontrolled ellenőrizetlen
unchecked ellenőrizetlenül
uncontrollable ellenőrizhetetlenlen
controllable ellenőrizhető
verifiable ellenőrizhető
verifies ellenőriznek
check ellenőrzés
checking ellenőrzés
checkup ellenőrzés
control ellenőrzés
controlling ellenőrzés
supervision ellenőrzés
verification ellenőrzés
verifying ellenőrzés
checked ellenőrzött
overseen ellenőrzött
oversaw ellenőrzőtt
counterpoint ellenpont
enemy ellenség
antagonistic ellenséges
enemy ellenséges
hostile ellenséges
animosity ellenségeskedés
enmity ellenségeskedés
counterbalance ellensúly
counterpoise ellensúly
counterweight ellensúly
counteract ellensúlyoz
antagonize ellenszegül
contravene ellenszegül
defy ellenszegül
headwind ellenszél
antipathy ellenszenv
dislike ellenszenv
antipathetic ellenszenves
disagreeable ellenszenves
obnoxious ellenszenves
repugnant ellenszenves
unlovely ellenszenves
unprepossessing ellenszenves
contrast ellentét
variance ellentét
adverse ellentétes
antithetical ellentétes
conflicting ellentétes
contrary ellentétes
obverse ellentétes
opposed ellentétes
opposit ellentétes
discrepancy ellentétesség
contradict ellentmond
clash ellentmondás
conflict ellentmondás
contradiction ellentmondás
contradicts ellentmondások
contradictory ellentmondó
inconsistent ellentmondó
infest ellep
yean ellik
ellipse ellipszis
mooch ellop
thieve ellop
mental elmebeli
insane elmebeteg
psychiatry elmegyógyászat
psychiatric elmegyógyászati
theory elmélet
academic elméleti
speculative elméleti
theoretical elméleti
theoretically elméletileg
meditation elmélkedés
speculation elmélkedés
meditate elmélkedik
muse elmélkedik
speculate elmélkedik
theorize elmélkedik
meditative elmélkedő
rapt elmélyedt
flee elmenekül
getaway elmenekülés
fled elmenekült
passing elmenő
psychiatrist elmeorvos
poisoned elmérgesedett
submerge elmerít
submergence elmerülés
submersion elmerülés
submerged elmerült
sclerosis elmeszesedés
sclerosed elmeszesedett
sclerous elmeszesedett
calcify elmeszesedik
psychosys elmezavar
recount elmond
tell elmond
tells elmond
untold elmondatlan
obliterated elmosódott
slurred elmosódott
displace elmozdít
remove elmozdít
removes elmozdít
displacement elmozdítás
removing elmozdítás
irremovable elmozdíthatatlan
removable elmozdítható
displaced elmozdított
removed elmozdított
adjourn elnapol
prorogue elnapol
prorogation elnapolás
belabr elnáspángol
dumbfound elnémít
dumfound elnémít
quiescing elnémítás
muted elnémított
denominate elnevez
denomination elnevezés
connive elnéz
connivance elnézés
leniency elnézés
lenient elnéző
chairman elnök
pres. elnök
president elnök
presidential elnöki
presidency elnöklés
presiding elnöklő
preside elnököl
absorb elnyel
devour elnyel
engulf elnyel
obtain elnyer
obtained elnyert
oppress elnyom
quell elnyom
suppress elnyom
enslavement elnyomás
oppression elnyomás
suppression elnyomás
victimization elnyomás
repressive elnyomó
downtrodden elnyomott
suppressed elnyomott
underprivileged elnyomott
subtend elnyúlik
quench elolt
slake elolt
dispel eloszlat
divide eloszt
distributor elosztó
spaced elosztott
alive élő
live élő
lecture előadás
diction előadásmód
lecturer előadó
presentor előadó
elocutionist előadóművész
auditoria előadóterem
auditorium előadóterem
presented előadta
foremast előárbóc
anterior előbbi
previous előbbi
prior előbbi
foyer előcsarnok
porch előcsarnok
predecessor előd
antecendents előélet
precentor előénekes
premonition előérzet
presage előérzet
presentiment előérzet
eve előest
preprocessor előfeldolgozó
precondition előfeltétel
prerequisite előfeltétel
prestressed előfeszített
befall előfordul
parboil előfőz
precook előfőz
precooked előfőzött
forerunner előfutár
precursor előfutár
developing előhívás
developer előhívószer
adduce előhoz
preseason előidény
induce előidéz
ordinance előírás
prescript előírás
regulation előírás
prescriptive előíró
precognition előismeret
prolegomena előismeretek
preconception előítélet
prejudice előítélet
boding előjel
harbinger előjel
omen előjel
signed előjeles
highborn előkelő
gentility előkelőség
notability előkelőség
socialite előkelőség
prepare előkészít
readied előkészít
preparation előkészítés
preparatory előkészítő
advancement előléptetés
magistrate elöljáró
prefect elöljáró
preposition elöljáró
prefectorial elöljárói
prepositional elöljárói
preheat előmelegít
suffuse elönt
advantage előny
benefit előny
stead előny
vantage előny
advantageous előnyös
beneficial előnyös
unbecoming előnytelen
vanguard előörs
outpost előőrs
ahead előre
forward előre
forwards előre
fwd. előre
onwards előre
senescent elöregedő
prefabrication előregyártás
prefab előregyártott
prefabricated előregyártott
propulsion előrehajtás
precession előrehaladás
onward előrehaladó
prognosis előrejelzés
foresight előrelátás
forethought előrelátás
prescience előrelátás
prevision előrelátás
providence előrelátás
provident előrelátó
foregone előrelátott
foresighted előrelátott
bespoke előrendelt
forefront előrész
forepart előrész
abet elősegít
conduce elősegít
potentiate elősegít
promote elősegít
subserve elősegít
promotion elősegítés
facilitates elősegítések
parasite élősködő
parasitic élősködő
hedge élősövény
hedgerow élősövény
quickset élősövény
predilection előszeretet
proscenium előszínpad
foreword előszó
preamble előszó
preface előszó
proem előszó
prolog előszó
prologue előszó
antechamber előszoba
anteroom előszoba
vestibule előszoba
verbally élőszóban
firstly először
prefix előtag
parvis előtér
premise előtétel
afore előtt
before előtt
ere előtt
forecourt előudvar
precaution elővigyázat
improvident elővigyázatlan
incautious elővigyázatlan
unwary elővigyázatlan
improvidence elővigyázatlanság
affable előzékeny
complaisant előzékeny
complaisance előzékenység
courtesy előzékenység
overtaking előzés
forehand előzetes
precursory előzetes
preliminary előzetes
preliminaires előzetesek
antecedent előzmény
overtake előzni
former előző
beforehand előzőleg
overtaken előzött
overtook előzött
lam elpáhol
thrash elpáhol
evaporation elpárolgás
evaporate elpárolog
vaporize elpárologtat
ratted elpártolt
squander elpazarol
misspent elpazarolt
wastad elpazarolt
wasted elpazarolt
blush elpirulás
suffusion elpirulás
depredation elprédálás
sybarite elpuhult
sybaritic elpuhult
indestructible elpusztíthatatlan
destroyable elpusztítható
destructible elpusztítható
slain elpusztított
highjack elrabol
snatch elragad
delightful elragadó
fetching elragadó
ravish elragadtat
rapture elragadtatás
delighted elragadtatott
ecstatic elragadtatott
rapturous elragadtatott
stow elrak
conceal elrejt
hide elrejt
stash elrejt
concealment elrejtés
enact elrendel
ordain elrendel
dispose elrendez
arrangement elrendezés
disposition elrendezés
layout elrendezés
ordering elrendezés
ordination elrendezés
aligns elrendezések
flown elrepült
droop elrernyed
deter elrettent
deterrent elrettentő
discourage elriaszt
unmake elront
corrupted elrontott
spoiled elrontott
spoilt elrontott
unmade elrontott
acquirement elsajátítás
entrench elsáncol
etiolate elsápaszt
hurried elsietett
embezzle elsikkaszt
peculate elsikkaszt
embezzlement elsikkasztás
enumerate elsorol
first első
premier első
primal első
prime első
debutante elsőbálozó
antecendence elsőbbség
primacy elsőbbség
priority elsőbbség
primary elsődleges
primarily elsődlegesen
sweeping elsöprő
prime elsőrendű
birthright elsőszülött
firstling elsőszülött
darken elsötétít
sank elsüllyedt
sunken elsüllyedt
sinkable elsüllyeszthető
defection elszakadás
seceding elszakadt
tore elszakadt
untearable elszakíthatatlan
billeting elszállásolás
charged elszámolt
desperate elszánt
impoverishment elszegényedés
impoverish elszegényít
pauperize elszegényít
suffer elszenved
isolate elszigetel
isolation elszigetelés
discolouration elszíneződés
pigmentation elszíneződés
discolour elszíneződik
discoloration elszíntelenedés
discolor elszíntelenedik
grieve elszomorít
sadden elszomorít
overlie eltakar
archive eltárolt
dependants eltartottak
removal eltávolítás
remover eltávolító
depart eltávozik
elapse eltelik
elapsed eltelt
bury eltemet
entomb eltemet
burying eltemetés
entombment eltemetés
buried eltemetett
interred eltemetett
deviate eltér
differ eltér
aberration eltérés
bias eltérés
deflection eltérés
deviation eltérés
marginally eltérés
deflect eltérít
skyjack eltérít
prevailing elterjedt
prevalent elterjedt
widespread elterjedt
disseminate elterjeszt
propagate elterjeszt
dissemination elterjesztés
discrepant eltérő
divergent eltérő
vitalize éltet
swelter eltikkad
supress eltitkol
offset eltolás
besotted eltompult
contort eltorzít
deform eltorzít
distort eltorzít
contortion eltorzítás
distorted eltorzult
determined eltökélt
resolute eltökélt
resoluteness eltökéltség
cloy eltölt
imbue eltölt
strangulation eltömés
abrogation eltörlés
obliteration eltörlés
rescission eltörlés
annul eltöröl
obliterate eltöröl
dwarf eltörpít
exaggregate eltúloz
overdo eltúloz
overdid eltúlzott
disappearance eltűnés
disappear eltűnik
vanish eltűnik
vanishing eltűnő
abolish eltüntet
brook eltűr
sufferance eltűrés
toleratioin eltűrés
disallow elutasít
repel elutasít
spurn elutasít
dismissial elutasítás
repudiation elutasítás
spurn elutasítás
checkout elutazás
anterior elülső
fore elülső
front elülső
oust elűz
commercialize elüzletiesít
principle elv
sever elvág
detach elválaszt
sunder elválaszt
wean elválaszt
separation elválasztás
severance elválasztás
weaning elválasztás
inseparable elválaszthatatlan
separable elválasztható
separator elválasztó
separated elválasztott
weanling elválasztott
separately elválasztva
separating elválasztva
disunite elválik
undertake elvállal
undertaken elvállalt
undertook elvállalt
divorced elvált
divorcee elvált
urbanization elvárosiasodás
citified elvárosiasodott
expected elvárt
vivisect élveboncol
vivisection élveboncolás
thinning elvékonyítás
tapering elvékonyodó
thresh elver
thrashing elverés
gone elveszett
lorn elveszett
lose elveszt
mislay elveszt
loss elvesztés
lost elvesztett
mislaid elvesztett
scrapped elvetett
enjoy élvez
delight élvezet
enjoyment élvezet
delectable élvezetes
enjoyable élvezetes
pleasurable élvezetes
unpalatable élvezhetetlen
laicize elvilágiasít
overblown elvirágzott
endure elvisel
tolerate elvisel
endurable elviselhető
controvert elvitat
incontrovertible elvitathatatlan
abstracted elvonatkoztatott
abstract elvont
abstraction elvontság
redden elvörösödik
unprincipled elvtelen
principled elvű
dammed elzár
lock elzár
occlusion elzárás
fl. em.
emancipation emancipáció
emancipate emancipál
embargo embargó
man ember
philantropist emberbarát
humanitarian emberbaráti
philantropic emberbaráti
philantropy emberbarátiság
men emberek
people emberek
superhuman emberfeletti
misanthropy embergyűlölet
misanthrope embergyűlölő
misanthropic embergyűlölő
misanthropical embergyűlölő
human emberi
humanity emberiesség
homicide emberölés
manslaughter emberölés
homicidal emberölő
humane emberséges
humanely emberségesen
humanly emberségesen
humaneness emberségesség
anthropology embertan
inhuman embertelen
inhumanity embertelenség
emblem embléma
embolism embólia
doff emel
lift emel
raise emel
shift emel
elevation emelés
lifting emelés
floor emelet
storey emelet
tiered emeletes
#NÉV? emeletes
upstairs emeleti
heave emelkedés
elevated emelkedett
exalted emelkedett
acclivity emelkedő
ascent emelkedő
upgrade emelkedő
uphill emelkedő
upward emelkedő
upwardly emelkedően
elevating emelő
lever emelő
pulley emelőcsiga
lever emelőrúd
hove emelt
raised emelt
dais emelvény
podium emelvény
nausea émelygés
queasy émelygő
nauseate émelyít
nauseating émelyítő
nauseous émelyítő
digestible emésztehtő
digestion emésztés
undigested emésztetlen
indigestible emészthetetl
digestive emésztő
peptic emésztő
cesspit emésztőgödör
cesspool emésztőgödör
emir emír
emirate emirátus
relic emlék
remembrance emlék
medallion emlékérem
recollection emlékezet
memorable emlékezetes
amnesia emlékezetkiesés
recollect emlékezik
remind emlékeztetni
memento emlékeztető
mnemonic emlékeztető
reminder emlékeztető
memoirs emlékiratok
memorials emlékiratok
memorial emlékmű
monument emlékmű
remember emlékszik
tablet emléktábla
keepsake emléktárgy
souvenir emléktárgy
mentioned emlitette
mastitis emlőgyulladás
mamillary emlős
mammal emlős
mammal emlősállat
mammalia emlősök
emu emu
emulations emulációk
emulsify emulgál
emulsion emulzió
i én
encyclopedia enciklopédia
canto ének
chant ének
song ének
descant énekel
sing énekel
sang énekelt
sung énekelt
singer énekes
songster énekes
vocalist énekes
warbler énekesmadár
vocalist énekesnő
choral énekkari
choir énekkórus
quire énekkórus
singing éneklés
energetics energetika
energy energia
energetic energikus
enervate enervált
enervation enerváltság
permits enged
relent enged
acquiescent engedékeny
compliant engedékeny
indulgent engedékeny
permissive engedékeny
tractable engedékeny
unresisting engedékeny
indulgence engedékenység
tractableness engedékenység
biddable engedelmes
duteous engedelmes
submissive engedelmes
obey engedelmeskedik
obedience engedelmesség
submissiveness engedelmesség
licence engedély
license engedély
permission engedély
grant engedélyez
licenses engedélyez
permit engedélyez
enabled engedélyezett
licensed engedélyezett
permitted engedélyezett
disobedient engedetlen
unruly engedetlen
disobedience engedetlenség
insubordination engedetlenség
rebelliousness engedetlenség
approved engedett
allowance engedmény
concession engedmény
cede engedményezés
me engem
implacability engesztelhetelenség
implacable engesztelhetetlen
unforgiving engesztelhetetlen
inexpiable engesztelhetetlenség
expiatory engesztelő
eats ennivaló
highbrow entellektüel
enzyme enzim
dalliance enyelgés
my enyém
genial enyhe
mild enyhe
mildly enyhén
geniality enyheség
allay enyhít
alleviate enyhít
extenuate enyhít
mollify enyhít
extenuation enyhítés
mitigation enyhítés
mollification enyhítés
lenitive enyhítő
détente enyhülés
glue enyv
intact ép
undamaged ép
unharmed ép
unhurt ép
unimpaired ép
unscathed ép
unwounded ép
bile epe
choler epe
bilious epebajos
pining epekedés
gallstone epekő
unhurt épen
strawberry eper
mulberry eperfa
liverish epés
epigram epigramma
epic epikai
epilepsy epilepszia
epileptic epileptikus
construct épít
building építés
construction építés
built építésű
builder épitész
architect építész
architecture építészet
architectural építészeti
architeet építészmérnök
constructive építő
episode epizód
just éppen
edifice épület
coign épületsarok
vascular ér
ore érc
sylvan erdei
arresting érdekes
interesting érdekes
intriguing érdekes
enquiry érdeklődés
interest érdeklődés
enquire érdeklődik
inquire érdeklődik
interested érdeklődő
transylvania erdély
transylvanian erdélyi
desert érdem
merit érdem
worthiness érdem
deserve érdemel
deserving érdemes
worthy érdemes
worthwhile érdemleges
undeserved érdemtelen
unmerited érdemtelen
demerit érdemtelenség
undeservedly érdemtelenül
harsh érdes
raspy érdes
scrapy érdes
verderer erdész
woodman erdész
silviculture erdészet
sylviculture erdészet
forest erdő
woods erdő
woodcraft erdőismeret
woodlander erdőlakó
woodsman erdőlakó
ranger erdőőr
forestry erdőség
woodland erdőség
afforest erdősít
afforestation erdősítés
forestation erdősítés
ancestry eredet
genesis eredet
origin eredet
provenance eredet
genuine eredeti
original eredeti
primaeval eredeti
primeval eredeti
initially eredetileg
originally eredetileg
originality eredetiség
effect eredmény
outcome eredmény
result eredmény
effects eredmények
results eredmények
effective eredményes
efficient eredményes
productive eredményes
effectively eredményesen
resulting eredményezés
resulted eredményezett
scoreless eredménytelen
inefficiency eredménytelenség
resultant eredő
reliquary ereklyetartó
stamina erély
nerveless erélytelen
medal érem
medallist éremnyertes
numismatics éremtan
numismatic éremtani
virtue erény
veined eres
venous eres
eaves eresz
forester erész
gutter ereszcsatorna
tenon ereszték
immature éretlen
unripe éretlen
unseasoned éretlen
verdant éretlen
immaturity éretlenség
heretic eretnek
heretical eretnek
heresy eretnekség
mature érett
mellow érett
ripe érett
maturity érettség
mellowness érettség
ripeness érettség
feel érez
nervation erezet
nervate erezett
ripen érik
osculate érint
touch érintés
untouched érintetlen
untouchable érinthetetlen
touchable érinthető
intercourse érintkezés
osculatory érintkező
tangent érintő
tangential érintői
zymosis erjedés
yeasty erjedő
fermentation erjesztés
ferment erjesztő
balcony erkély
oriel erkély
comer érkező
ethic erkölcs
moral erkölcs
ethical erkölcsi
morality erkölcsiség
morals erkölcsök
moralist erkölcsös
virtuous erkölcsös
humanize erkölcsösít
moralize erkölcsösít
sermonizer erkölcsprédikáló
dirty erkölcste
amoral erkölcstelen
immoral erkölcstelen
immorality erkölcstelenség
tourniquet érleszorító
numismatist érmegyűjtő
unrelaxing ernyedetlen
drooping ernyedt
umbel ernyő
erode erodál
eroticism erotika
erotic erotikus
erosion erózió
force erő
power erő
strength erő
fort erőd
fortress erőd
redoubt erőd
effort erőfeszítés
exertion erőfeszítés
beeftea erőleves
consommé erőleves
constrained erőltetett
labored erőltetett
dynamometer erőmérő
powerhouse erőmű
brawny erős
forte erős
powerful erős
stalwart erős
strong erős
sturdy erős
lustily erősen
strongly erősen
sturdily erősen
widely erősen
affirm erősít
amplify erősít
enhance erősít
amplification erősítés
reinforcement erősítés
strengthening erősítés
defences erősítések
enhancements erősítések
enhanced erősített
amplifier erősítő
restorative erősítőszer
mightiness erősség
strength erősség
stronghold erősség
dint erőszak
forcing erőszak
mailed erőszak
violence erőszak
drastic erőszakos
overbearing erőszakos
violent erőszakos
drastically erőszakosan
violently erőszakosan
browbeaten erőszakoskodott
bullying erőszkoskodás
forceful erőteljes
dinamically erőteljesen
powerless erőtlen
sapless erőtlen
powerlessness erőtlenség
hereat erre
hereon erre
hither erre
hereabout errefelé
hereabouts errefelé
pouch erszény
marsupial erszényes
understand ért
value érték
worth érték
initialization értékadás
values értékek
appreciate értékel
evaluate értékel
appreciation értékelés
valuation értékelés
precious értékes
valuable értékes
valued értékes
marketing értékesítés
preciousness értékesség
disquisition értekezés
dissertation értekezés
tractate értekezés
treatise értekezés
conference értekezlet
securities értékpapírok
valuables értéktárgyak
paltry értéktelen
trashy értéktelen
valueless értéktelen
worthless értéktelen
paltriness értéktelenség
intellect értelem
intelligence értelem
purport értelem
uptake értelem
implicitly értelemszerűen
pursuant értelmében
intelligent értelmes
meaningful értelmes
sensible értelmes
meaningless értelmetlen
unintelligible értelmetlen
unmeaning értelmetlen
expound értelmez
interpret értelmez
interpretation értelmezés
apposition értelmező
explanatory értelmező
intelligentsia értelmiség
intellectual értelmiségi
apprise értesít
notify értesít
intimation értesítés
notification értesítés
understood értette
incomprehensible érthetetlen
obscurity érthetetlenség
articulate érthető
intelligible érthető
lucid érthető
understandable érthető
intelligibility érthetőség
corker érv
ratiocinate érvel
unexpired érvényes
valid érvényes
validate érvényesít
validation érvényesítés
enforceable érvényesíthető
validity érvényesség
predominate érvényesül
illegal érvénytelen
invalid érvénytelen
cancel érvénytelenít
invalidate érvénytelenít
nullify érvénytelenít
overrule érvénytelenít
invalidation érvénytelenítés
nullification érvénytelenítés
invalidity érvénytelenség
nullity érvénytelenség
artistry érzé
sense érzék
detects érzékel
detection érzékelés
sensory érzékelési
palpable érzékelhető
palpability érzékelhetőség
detector érzékelő
perceptive érzékelő
sensitive érzékeny
touchy érzékeny
sensitize érzékenyít
sensitized érzékenyített
responsiveness érzékenység
sensibility érzékenység
sensitiveness érzékenység
sensitivity érzékenység
touchiness érzékenység
callous érzéketlen
insensate érzéketlen
insensible érzéketlen
insensitive érzéketlen
senseless érzéketlen
unfeeling érzéketlen
callosity érzéketlenség
callousness érzéketlenség
insensibility érzéketlenség
stoniness érzéketlenség
stonily érzéketlenül
amatory érzéki
fleshly érzéki
libidinous érzéki
prurient érzéki
sensual érzéki
sensualist érzéki
sensuous érzéki
salaciousness érzékiség
salacity érzékiség
sensualism érzékiség
sensuality érzékiség
emotion érzelem
feeling érzelem
sentiment érzelem
ebullition érzelemkitörés
gooey érzelgős
maudlin érzelgős
mawkish érzelgős
lyricism érzelgősség
sentimentalism érzelgősség
emotional érzelmes
pathetic érzelmes
sentimental érzelmes
sentimentality érzelmesség
emotive érzelmi
anaesthetic érzéstelenítő
sentient érző
and és
and/or és
due esedékes
entreaty esedezés
chance esély
incidence esemény
occurrence esemény
eventful eseménydús
events események
eventless eseménytelen
uneventful eseménytelen
fallible esendő
brolly esernyő
umbrella esernyő
descent esés
case eset
event eset
cases esetek
instances esetek
perhaps esetleg
adventitious esetlege
contingent esetleges
incidental esetleges
bearish esetlen
gauche esetlen
lubberly esetlen
ungraceful esetlen
unwieldy esetlen
clumsiness esetlenség
gaucherie esetlenség
gawkiness esetlenség
casework esettanulmány
contingency eshetőség
eventuality eshetőség
fall esik
tumble esik
oath eskü
vow eskü
juror esküdt
jury esküdtszék
swear esküszik
wedding esküvő
rain eső
rainproof esőálló
raindrop esőcsepp
raindrops esőcseppek
mack esőkabát
mackintosh esőkabát
raincoat esőkabát
slicker esőköpeny
udometer esőmérő
rainy esős
rainless esőtlen
rainwater esővíz
rainfall esőzés
evening este
eventide este
vesper este
soirée estély
brain ész
mind ész
nous ész
north észak
northerly északi
northern északi
northeast északkelet
northeasterly északkeleti
northeastern északkeleti
northwest északnyugat
northwesterly északnyugati
northwestern északnyugati
delirious eszelős
dotty eszelős
accordingly eszerint
brainy eszes
perspicacious eszes
sagacious eszes
acumen eszesség
perspicacity eszesség
sagaciousness eszesség
sagacity eszesség
phrenetic eszeveszett
eat eszik
instrument eszköz
resort eszköz
tool eszköz
utensil eszköz
implements eszközök
instruments eszközök
means eszközök
toolbar eszközsor
detect észlel
notice észlel
cognition észlelés
perception észlelés
sighting észlelés
observable észlelhető
cognitive észlelő
percipient észlelő
colloquy eszmecsere
comatose eszméletlen
unconscious eszméletlen
unconsciousness eszméletlenség
paragon eszménykép
espresso eszpresszó
unperceivable észrevehetetlen
discernible észrevehető
noticeable észrevehető
perceptible észrevehető
sensibly észrevehetően
beheld észrevesz
discern észrevesz
espy észrevesz
perceive észrevesz
undetected észrevétlen
unobserved észrevétlen
unperceived észrevétlen
unregarded észrevétlen
unperceived észrevétlenül
spied észrevett
noticed észrevette
essayist esszéista
rational ésszerű
reasonable ésszerű
reasonableness ésszerűség
rationalize ésszerűsít
illogical ésszerűtlen
unreasonable ésszerűtlen
logician ésszrűsítő
unwise esztelen
turnery esztergálás
turner esztergályos
lathe esztergapad
aesthete esztéta
aesthetics esztétika
aesthetic esztétikus
#NÉV? eszű
etb etb
helping ételadag
ether éter
ethereal éteri
feeding etetés
fed etetett
feeder etető
highchair etetőszék
ethics etika
etiquette etikett
ethyl etil
etiology etiológia
dining étkezés
eating étkezés
meal étkezés
repast étkezés
prandial étkezési
diner étkező
diner étkezőkocsi
ethnic etnikai
ethnical etnikai
ethnology etnológia
ethnologist etnológus
regimen étrend
dietetic étrendi
restaurant étterem
hereof ettől
appetite étvágy
appetizer étvágygerjesztő
eucaliptus eukaliptusz
europe európa
continental európai
european európai
year év
eva éva
gospel evangélium
yearly évenként
annually évenkénti
yearly évenkénti
rowing evezés
oar evező
oarsman evezős
rower evezős
oarlock evezővilla
rowlock evezővilla
thole evezővilla
anniversary évforduló
jubilee évforduló
almanac évkönyv
annual évkönyv
annals évkönyvek
annalist évkönyvíró
eater evő
cutlery evőeszköz
cutlery evőeszközök
tablespoon evőkanál
tablespoonful evőkanálnyi
century évszázad
decade évtized
tappet excenter
exhume exhumál
expander expander
expedition expedíció
exposed exponált
exponential exponenciális
export export
exportation exportálás
exportable exportálható
exporter exportőr
express expressz
expressionism expresszionizmus
ecstasy extázis
superfine extrafinom
this ez
meanwhile ezalatt
hereby ezáltal
these ezek
these ezeket
ago ezelőtt
erstwhile ezelőtt
herewith ezennel
henceforth ezentúl
hereafter ezentúl
thousand ezer
thousandfold ezerszeres
thousandfold ezerszeresen
therefor ezért
heretofore ezideig
hitherto ezideig
regiment ezred
millennial ezredéves
millenary ezredévforduló
thousandth ezredik
this ezt
silver ezüst
silverfish ezüstmoly
silversmith ezüstműves
silvery ezüstös
tree fa
wood fa
timber faanyag
panelled faburkolatú
pheasant fácán
patten facipő
sabot facipő
wring facsarás
wringer facsarógép
sapling facsemete
fretwork fafaragás
freeze fagy
freezes fagy
frost fagy
privet fagyal
antifreeze fagyálló
excelsior fagyapot
chilblain fagyás
frozen fagyasztott
refrigerated fagyasztott
tallow faggyó
suet faggyú
sebaceous faggyús
sundae fagylalt
freezing fagyos
frosty fagyos
glacial fagyos
frostiness fagyosság
mistletoe fagyöngy
chalet faház
cinnamon fahéj
species faj
ache fáj
goon fajankó
hob fajankó
lob fajankó
lout fajankó
dolorous fájdalmas
grievous fájdalmas
pained fájdalmas
painful fájdalmas
dolor fájdalom
dolour fájdalom
pain fájdalom
soreness fájdalom
throes fájdalom
anodyne fájdalomcsillapító
painless fájdalommentes
racialism fajgyűlölet
racial faji
racially fajilag
genocide fajírtás
miscegenation fajkeveredés
aching fájó
ailing fájó
smarting fájó
sore fájó
pycnometer fajsúlymérő
breed fajta
ilk fajta
kind fajta
species fajta
pervert fajtalan
thoroughbred fajtatiszta
thoroughbred fajtiszta
apartheid fajüldözö
racialist fajüldöző
mallet fakalapács
bark fakéreg
fakir fakír
decolourize fakít
logging fakitermelés
fallow fakó
pallid fakó
decolourization fakulás
fade fakulás
fading fakulás
elective fakultatív
wall fal
edacious falánk
glutton falánk
gluttonous falánk
gobbler falánk
ravening falánk
ravenous falánk
voracious falánk
gluttony falánkság
voraciousness falánkság
voracity falánkság
mouthful falat
snack falatozás
luncheonette falatozóhely
walling falazás
wainscot falburkolat
wainscoting falburkolat
distemper falfesték
fresco falfestmény
mural fali
bibcock falicsap
tapestry faliszőnyeg
drove falka
flock falka
herd falka
coursing falkavadászat
pilaster falkiugrás
phallic fallikus
phallus fallosz
phagocyte falósejt
village falu
hamlet falucska
villager falusi
xylography fametszés
woodcut fametszet
xylograph fametszet
xylographer fametsző
timbering famunka
woodwork famunka
fanatical fanatikus
fanaticism fanatizmus
tradescantia fancsika
fanfare fanfár
doughnut fánk
nutcake fánk
sinker fánk
fantastic fantasztikus
quixotic fantasztikus
phantasy fantázia
unimaginative fantáziátlan
phantom fantom
acrid fanyar
tart fanyar
tartness fanyarság
acridity fanyarúság
backside far
croup far
outboard far
fagged fárad
tire fárad
indefatigable fáradhatatlan
strenuous fáradhatatlan
tireless fáradhatatlan
unflagging fáradhatatlan
untiring fáradhatatlan
unwearied fáradhatatlan
unwearying fáradhatatlan
pains fáradozás
exert fáradozik
spent fáradt
tired fáradt
wearied fáradt
wearily fáradtan
fatigue fáradtság
tiredness fáradtság
weariness fáradtság
laborious fáradtságos
carve farag
carving faragás
boorish faragatlan
churlish faragatlan
loutish faragatlan
uncouth faragatlan
unlicked faragatlan
pharaoh fáraó
exhausting fárasztó
fatiguing fárasztó
grueling fárasztó
tiresome fárasztó
tiring fárasztó
toilsome fárasztó
trying fárasztó
wearisome fárasztó
whittle farigcsál
wolf farkas
lupin farkasbab
werewolf farkasember
dogtooth farkasfog
dogteeth farkasfogak
wolves farkasok
tailless farkatlan
ranch farm
farmer farmer
rancher farmer
jeans farmeröltözet
tail farok
yaw farol
skid farolás
skidding farolás
yaw farolás
fiberboard farostlemez
fibreboard farostlemez
carnival farsang
ligneous fás
wooded fás
woody fás
blackshirt fasiszta
fascist fasiszta
fascism fasizmus
woodbin fásláda
alley fasor
apathetic fásult
apathy fásult
blasé fásult
lethargic fásult
lethargical fásult
phallus fasz
charcoal faszén
geezer faszi
trencher fatányér
pater fater
treeless fátlan
bole fatörzs
caber fatörzs
tissue fátyol
veil fátyol
voile fátyol
tiffany fátyolszövet
bastard fattyú
misbegotten fattyú
faun faun
hewer favágó
logger favágó
lumberjack favágó
lumberman favágó
favorite favorit
potter fazekas
phase fázis
feb. febr.
february február
blurt fecseg
gabble fecseg
blab fecsegés
chatter fecsegés
gab fecsegés
jabber fecsegés
loquacity fecsegés
twaddle fecsegés
blabber fecsegő
jay fecsegő
loquacious fecsegő
natter fecsegő
prattler fecsegő
waste fecsérel
dovetail fecskefark
dovetail fecskefarkú
squirt fecskendő
syringe fecskendő
impeccability feddhetelenség
blameless feddhetetlen
impeccable feddhetetlen
irreproachable feddhetetlen
probity feddhetetlenség
flagon fedeleskancsó
deck fedélzet
boatswain fedélzetmester
bos'n fedélzetmester
bo'son fedélzetmester
bosun fedélzetmester
roofless fedetlen
uncovered fedetlen
covered fedett
hooded fedett
topped fedett
entrenchment fedezék
unsecured fedezetlen
cover fedő
covering fedő
lid fedő
topper fedő
fefh fefh
discipline fegyelem
chasten fegyelmez
undisciplined fegyelmezetlen
indiscipline fegyelmezetlenség
disciplinarian fegyelmező
disciplinary fegyelmi
convict fegyenc
penitentiary fegyház
arms fegyver
gun fegyver
weapon fegyver
weapons fegyverek
armed fegyveres
armory fegyvergyár
militarism fegyverkezés
militarist fegyverkező
armourer fegyvermester
armoury fegyverraktár
armistice fegyverszünet
truce fegyverszünet
armoury fegyvertár
unarmed fegyvertelen
weaponless fegyvertelen
unarmed fegyvertelenül
armament fegyverzet
harness fegyverzet
weaponry fegyverzet
feh feh
white fehér
whitish fehéres
blanch fehérít
whiten fehérít
bleach fehérítés
bleaching fehérítés
unbleached fehérítetlen
bleacher fehérítő
whitening fehérítő
albumin fehérje
protein fehérje
underclothes fehérnemű
underclothing fehérnemű
undergarment fehérnemű
chard fehérrépa
whiteness fehérség
skewbald fehértarka
leucocyte fehérvérsejt
leukaemia fehérvérűség
leukemia fehérvérűség
head fej
pate fej
headpiece fejdísz
tiara fejdísz
topknot fejdísz
rajah fejedelem
suzerain fejedelem
principality fejedelemség
heads fejek
headed fejes
panjandrum fejes
milking fejés
lettuce fejessaláta
plunge fejesugrás
headiness fejetlenség
chapter fejezet
chapters fejezetek
headache fejfájás
headachy fejfájós
headgear fejfedő
headphone fejhallgató
headset fejhallgató
falsetto fejhang
kerchief fejkendő
header fejléc
letterhead fejléc
title fejléc
vignette fejléc
headers fejlécek
headings fejlécek
development fejlemény
develop fejleszt
developing fejlesztés
underdeveloped fejletlen
undeveloped fejletlen
developed fejlett
advance fejlődés
evolution fejlődés
evolutionary fejlődési
wigging fejmosás
milker fejő
milkpail fejődézsa
dairymaid fejőlány
milkmaid fejőlány
capitation fejpénz
headboard fejrész
adze fejsze
hatchet fejsze
heading fejszöveg
headrest fejtámasz
argumentation fejtegetés
quarried fejtett
brake fék
curb fék
brakes fékberendezés
fester fekély
fistula fekély
ulcer fekély
ulcerous fekélyes
ulceration fekélyesedés
black fekete
whortleberry feketeáfonya
blacklist feketelista
blackbird feketerigó
ousel feketerigó
ouzel feketerigó
blackish feketés
pekoe feketetea
braking fékezés
brakeman fékező
caboose fékezőkocsi
berth fekhely
lie fekszik
recline fekszik
boisterous féktelen
madcap féktelen
rampageous féktelen
unbridled féktelen
unrestrained féktelen
laying fektetés
laid feküdt
lain fekvő
recumbent fekvő
couchette fekvőkocsi
pushup fekvőtámasz
up fel
'arf fél
half fél
job feladat
task feladat
tasks feladatok
consigner feladó
consignor feladó
remitter feladó
sender feladó
offering felajánlás
offertory felajánlás
slings felakaszt
hanged felakasztott
immolate feláldoz
victimize feláldoz
cocked felállít
erect felállítani
erection felállítás
penumbra félárnyék
consecration felavatás
embolden felbátorít
encourage felbátorít
encouraged felbátorított
assessment felbecslés
appraise felbecsül
assess felbecsül
appraisal felbecsülés
assessment felbecsülés
inestimable felbecsülhetetlen
invaluable felbecsülhetetlen
intermission félbeszakítás
decomposition felbomlás
disassembly felbontás
undoing felbontás
overbalance felborít
capsize felborul
enrage felbőszít
exasperate felbőszít
uprush felbuggyanás
suborn felbujt
subornation felbujtás
instigator felbujtó
suborner felbujtó
abetting felbújtó
emergence felbukkanás
oxfords félcipő
permute felcserél
transpose felcserél
commutation felcserélés
permutation felcserélés
transposition felcserélés
compatible felcserélhető
interchangeable felcserélhető
compatibility felcserélhetőség
transposing felcserélő
gleam felcsillanás
dismember feldarabol
dismemberment feldarabolás
slicing feldarabolás
reconnoiter felderít
reconnoitre felderít
recce felderítés
reconnaisance felderítés
scouting felderítés
scout felderítő
caparison feldíszít
decorate feldíszít
smarten feldíszít
toss feldobás
upcast feldobott
process feldolgoz
processes feldolgoz
processing feldolgozás
processed feldolgozott
overset feldönt
semiprecious féldrága
semiprecious féldrágakő
'arf fele
moiety fele
onto felé
toward felé
towards felé
brethren felebarát
fraternal felebaráti
awake felébredni
awoke felébredt
waked felébredt
woke felébredt
awaken felébreszt
waken felébreszt
awoked felébresztett
forgetful feledékeny
oblivious feledékeny
unmindful feledékeny
absentmindedness feledékenység
forgetfulness feledékenység
oblivion feledés
unforgettable felejthetetlen
denominational felekezeti
recite felel
awe félelem
dread félelem
fear félelem
willies félelem
enliven felélénkít
liven felélénkít
rep felelés
resuscitate feléleszt
revive feléleszt
recitation felelet
resuscitation felelevenítés
fearful félelmes
grimness félelmesség
awesome félelmetes
formidable félelmetes
grim félelmetes
terrific félelmetes
tremendous félelmetes
grimmer félelmetesebb
grimness félelmetesség
accountable felelős
liable felelős
responsible felelős
liability felelősség
onus felelősség
responsibility felelősség
impeachment felelősségrevonás
irresponsible felelőtlen
irresponsibility felelőtlenség
unmatched felemás
elevate felemel
lift felemel
upbear felemel
elevation felemelés
raising felemelés
mezzanine félemelet
ascension felemelkedés
ascending felemelkedve
elevating felemelő
heaved felemelt
consumption felemésztés
diffident félénk
rabbity félénk
shy félénk
timid félénk
timorous félénk
shier félénkebb
shyer félénkebb
timidly félénken
diffidence félénkség
shyness félénkség
timidity félénkség
superstructure felépítmény
valorize felértékel
missis feleség
wife feleség
wives feleségek
backchat feleselés
backtalk feleselés
unwanted felesleges
above felett
semester félév
biannual félévenkénti
bisect felez
halves felezett
bisector felező
reveal felfed
unbosom felfed
unearth felfedez
discovery felfedezés
relevation felfedezés
undiscovered felfedezetlen
detected felfedezett
discoverer felfedező
explorer felfedező
militarize felfegyverez
militarization felfegyverkezés
militarization felfegyverzés
unpick felfejt
unstitch felfejt
unpicked felfejtett
up felfelé
upwards felfelé
apprehension felfogás
intangible felfoghatatlan
intangibility felfoghatatlanság
receiving felfogó
comprehension felfogóképesség
overturn felfordít
subversion felfordulás
upheaval felfordulás
upset felfordulás
subvert felforgat
subversive felforgató
scald felforralni
upland felföld
uplander felföldi
refresh felfrissít
refurbish felfrissít
tonic felfrissítő
refection felfrissülés
inflate felfúj
inflatable felfújható
inflated felfújt
puffed felfújt
distension felfúvás
distension felfúvódás
flatulence felfúvódás
hoove felfúvódás
flatulent felfúvódott
suspend felfüggeszt
suspense felfüggesztés
suspended felfüggesztett
enkindle felgerjeszt
hemisphere félgömb
incense felháborít
revolting felháborító
indignation felháborodás
indignant felháborodott
ado felhajtás
tuck felhajtás
tout felhajtó
amass felhalmoz
trore felhalmoz
aggregation felhalmozás
accumulation felhalmozódás
agglomeration felhalmozódás
cumulation felhalmozódás
accumulated felhalmozott
agglomerate felhalmozott
cuticle felhám
overtone felhang
semitone félhang
slashed felhasított
consume felhasznál
utilize felhasznál
utilization felhasználás
unappropriated felhasználatlan
unutilized felhasználatlan
expendable felhasználható
utilizable felhasználható
user felhasználó
userfriendly felhasználóbarát
users felhasználók
authorize felhatalmaz
authorization felhatalmazás
rung felhívta
excoriate felhorzsol
cloud felhő
skyscraper felhőkarcoló
clouded felhős
cloudy felhős
overcast felhős
xloudy felhős
downpour felhőszakadás
rainstorm felhőszakadás
soaker felhőszakadás
cloudless felhőtlen
unclouded felhőtlen
stringer felhúrozó
evocation felidézés
evocative felidéző
underdone félignyers
caption felirat
inscription felirat
legend felirat
lettering felirat
lettered feliratozott
prescribe felírni
recognize felismer
indiscernible felismerhetetlen
unrecognizable felismerhetetlen
recognizable felismerhető
arouse felizgat
excite felizgat
ramp feljáró
overlord feljebbvaló
superior feljebbvaló
memo feljegyzés
record feljegyzés
unrecorded feljegyzetlen
denunciation feljelentés
denunciator feljelentő
empower feljogosít
arise felkel
uprising felkelés
rising felkelő
semisolid félkemény
coaching felkészítés
preparedness felkészültség
exclaim felkiált
exclamation felkiáltás
outcry felkiáltás
exclamatory felkiáltó
semicircle félkör
boldface félkövér
rebell fellázad
appellant fellebbező
appellate fellebbviteli
citadell fellegvár
boost fellendülés
upswing fellendülés
fustian fellengzős
grandiloquent fellengzős
highfalutin fellengzős
magniloquent fellengzős
bombast fellengzősség
grandiloquence fellengzősség
magniloquence fellengzősség
climb felmászik
shinned felmászott
ascend felmegy
warming felmelegítés
absolve felment
acquit felment
exculpate felment
exonerate felment
absolution felmentés
acquittal felmentés
exculpation felmentés
exoneration felmentés
release felmentés
exempt felmentett
survey felmérés
surveying felmérés
topless félmeztelen
swab felmosórongy
magnify felnagyít
foster felnevel
upbringing felnevelés
adult felnőtt
adulthood felnőttkor
underdone félnyers
unseal felnyit
declassify felold
resolve felold
unlock felold
declassified feloldott
disband feloszlat
apportion feloszt
partition felosztás
afraid félő
about felől
embracive felölel
raglan felöltő
clothed felöltözött
customize felöltöztet
customized felöltöztetett
plaintiff felperes
invigorate felpezsdít
revved felpörgetett
apart félre
aside félre
raving félrebeszélés
misapprehend félreért
misinterpret félreért
misread félreért
misunderstand félreért
misconstruction félreértelmezés
misapprehension félreértés
misconception félreértés
misunderstanding félreértés
misread félreértett
misunderstood félreértett
pointed félreérthetetlen
unmistakable félreérthetetlen
pointedness félreérthetetlenség
mistakable félreérthető
ambiguity félreérthetőség
misappreciate félremagyaráz
misconstrue félremagyaráz
misinterpretation félremagyarázás
soar felrepül
misadvise félrevezet
misdirect félrevezet
misinform félrevezet
mislead félrevezet
misdirection félrevezetés
misdirected félrevezetett
misguided félrevezetett
misled félrevezetett
misleading félrevezető
rouse felriaszt
impute felró
detonate felrobban
explosion felrobbanás
explode felrobbant
exploded felrobbantott
majesty felség
align felsorakoztat
enumeration felsorolás
overhead felső
upper felső
upper felsőbb
chesterfield felsőkabát
topside felsőrész
overclothes felsőruházat
uptown felsőváros
uptown felsővárosi
discharged felszabadit
affranchise felszabadít
derequisition felszabadít
liberate felszabadít
liberation felszabadítás
emancipator felszabadító
liberator felszabadító
chargeable felszámítható
liquidate felszámol
liquidation felszámolás
windup felszámolás
liquidator felszámoló
cuckold felszarvaz
cuckold felszarvazott
sateen félszatén
equip felszerel
mount felszerel
accoutrements felszerelés
armature felszerelés
kit felszerelés
mounting felszerelés
outfit felszerelés
outfitting felszerelés
equipped felszerelt
peninsula félsziget
peninsular félszigeti
face felszin
superficies felszín
surface felszín
shallowness felszínesség
adsorb felszív
imbibe felszív
sop felszív
absorption felszívás
absorbent felszívóképes
server felszolgáló
imperative felszólító
contrive feltalál
invent feltalál
inventor feltaláló
resurrect feltámad
resurrection feltámadás
discover feltár
intercept feltartóztat
waylay feltartóztat
presumably feltehetően
jealous féltékeny
jealousy féltékenység
ripped feltépett
mapping feltérképezés
uncharted feltérképezetlen
mapped feltérképezett
don feltesz
donned feltesz
condition feltétel
proviso feltétel
stipulation feltétel
understanding feltétel
options feltételek
provisoes feltételek
provisos feltételek
conditional feltételes
conditioned feltételes
hypothetical feltételes
provisory feltételes
optionally feltételesen
assume feltételez
presume feltételez
presuppose feltételez
suppose feltételez
presumption feltételezés
supposal feltételezés
assumed feltételezett
presumed feltételezett
inferential feltételezhető
presumable feltételezhető
assuming feltételezve
casemaps feltételrendszer
categorical feltétlen
unconditional feltétlen
unquestioning feltétlen
definitely feltétlenül
unconditionally feltétlenül
provided feltéve
providing feltéve
assumption feltevés
supposition feltevés
filling feltöltés
replenishment feltöltés
upsurge feltörés
sensationalism feltűnéskeltés
garish feltűnő
markedly feltűnően
garishness feltűnőség
splurge feltűnősködés
furbish felújít
renew felújítani
rerun felújítás
midway félúton
reinvigorate felüdít
bracing felüdítés
refreshment felüdítés
oversee felügyel
superintend felügyel
tend felügyel
monitoring felügyelés
surveillance felügyelet
supervisory felügyeleti
inspector felügyelő
overseer felügyelő
superintendent felügyelő
supervisor felügyelő
surveyor felügyelő
monitors felügyelők
inspectress felügyelőnő
inspectorate felügyelőség
inspectorship felügyelőség
o'er felül
over felül
futile felületes
perfunctory felületes
superficial felületes
superficially felületesen
overide felülír
overwrite felülír
overwrites felülír
overwriting felülírás
overidden felülírt
overwritten felülírt
overpass felüljáró
overtrump felüllop
exceeded felülmúl
outdo felülmúl
outman felülmúl
outnumber felülmúl
overtop felülmúl
surpass felülmúl
transcend felülmúl
superlative felülmúlhatatlan
unsurpassable felülmúlhatatlan
superlatively felülmúlhatatlanul
outbidden felülmúlt
outdid felülmúlt
outdone felülmúlt
overprint felülnyom
overprint felülnyomat
upbeat felütés
uncut felvágatlan
swanky felvágós
whipped felvert
enrolment felvétel
exposure felvétel
intake felvétel
recording felvétel
records felvételek
matric felvételi
prelim felvételi
recorder felvevőkészülék
semiconductor félvezető
highland felvidék
uplands felvidék
exhilarate felvidít
gladden felvidít
cheering felvidító
enlighten felvilágosít
enlightenment felvilágosítás
enlightened felvilágosult
galvanize felvillanyoz
elevator felvonó
hoist felvonó
drawbridge felvonóhíd
metal fém
metallic fémes
feminist feminista
feminism feminizmus
metalworking fémipar
metallurgic fémipari
hallmark fémjelzés
specie fémpénz
hone fen
plating fénbevonat
dickens fene
heck fene
bottom fenék
buttocks fenék
abysmal feneketlen
bottomless feneketlen
aloft fenn
astir fenn
extant fennálló
supremacy fennhatóság
suzerainty fennhatóság
cavalier fennhéjázó
lofty fennkölt
loftiness fennköltség
maintain fenntart
sustain fenntart
uphold fenntart
conservation fenntartás
reservation fenntartás
sustenance fenntartás
maintainable fenntartható
conservationist fenntartó
sustaining fenntartó
preserved fenntartott
reserved fenntartott
upheld fenntartott
phenol fenol
strop fenőszíj
sublimity fenség
majestic fenséges
majestical fenséges
sublime fenséges
sublimity fenségesség
aforesaid fentemlitett
light fény
luster fény
lustre fény
polish fény
threaten fenyeget
menace fenyegetés
threat fenyegetés
louring fenyegető
minatory fenyegető
threatening fenyegető
menacingly fenyegetően
photosensitive fényérzékeny
bright fényes
satiny fényes
highlighted fényesebb
brighten fényesít
mercerize fényesít
shined fényesített
brightness fényesség
luminosity fényesség
varnish fényezés
unglazed fényezetlen
unpolished fényezetlen
unvarnished fényezetlen
polished fényezett
glazer fényező
polisher fényező
chastisement fenyítés
photograph fénykép
photographer fényképész
photography fényképészet
photographic fényképező
camera fényképezőgép
shone fénylett
glare fénylik
glitter fénylik
effulgent fénylő
lustrous fénylő
shiny fénylő
photostat fénymásol
blueprint fénymásolat
phototype fénymásolat
lacquer fénymáz
photometer fénymérő
fir fenyő
pine fenyőfa
galipot fenyőgyanta
strobile fenyőtoboz
highlight fénypont
effulgence fénysugárzás
phototypesetting fényszedés
headlamp fényszóró
headlight fényszóró
reflector fényszóró
searchlight fényszóró
lusterless fénytelen
lustreless fénytelen
refraction fénytörés
refractive fénytörő
corona fényudvar
halation fényudvar
luxury fényűzés
sumptuousness fényűzés
luxurious fényűző
palatial fényűző
sumptuous fényűző
bevelled ferde
oblique ferde
sidelong ferde
skew ferde
slant ferde
slanting ferde
splay ferde
askew ferdén
slantwise ferdén
cant ferdeség
virgule ferdevonal
worm féreg
vermiform féregalakú
vermifuge féreghajtó
vermifuge féreghajtószer
vermicide féregirtó
vermicide féregirtószer
vermicular féregszerű
male férfi
gents férfiak
mankind férfiak
gentlemen's férfiaké
gents' férfiaké
manful férfias
manlike férfias
manly férfias
mannish férfias
masculine férfias
virile férfias
manliness férfiasság
virility férfiasság
unmanly férfiatlan
manhood férfikor
menfolk férfinép
kinsman férfirokon
kinsmen férfirokonok
merman férfisellő
vermin férgek
grubby férges
maggoty férges
verminiferous férges
verminous férges
wormy férges
husband férj
decontamination fertőtlení
decontaminate fertőtlenít
disinfect fertőtlenít
disinfection fertőtlenítés
antiseptic fertőtlenítő
germicide fertőtlenítő
disinfectant fertőtlenítőszer
germicide fertőtlenítőszer
infect fertőz
contagion fertőzés
infection fertőzés
taint fertőzés
contagious fertőző
infectious fertőző
pestiferous fertőző
pestilental fertőző
septic fertőző
virulent fertőző
zymotic fertőző
virulence fertőzőképesség
tainted fertőzött
libertine feslett
libertine fesletterkölcsű
posh fess
dye fest
paint fest
colorman festékkereskedő
colourman festékkereskedő
dyeing festés
painting festmény
painter festő
easel festőállvány
picturesque festői
paintress festőművésznő
maulstick festőpálca
comb fésű
nest fészek
nestful fészekalja
penthouse fészer
shed fészer
taut feszes
tenter feszítőkeret
lanyard feszítőkötél
crowbar feszítővas
handspike feszítővas
jemmy feszítővas
jimmy feszítővas
nestle fészkel
nesting fészkelés
squirm fészkelődés
unceremonious fesztelen
unembrrassed fesztelen
unselfconscious fesztelen
easiness fesztelenség
informality fesztelenség
crucifix feszület
strained feszült
tense feszült
tensely feszülten
stress feszültség
tenseness feszültség
tension feszültség
voltage feszültség
voltmeter feszültségmérő
wallow fetrengés
feudal feudális
feudalistic feudális
feudalist feudalista
feudalism feudalizmus
fez fez
tarboosh fez
sonny fiacskám
pleiad fiastyúk
young fiatal
cadet fiatalabb
younger fiatalabb
juvenile fiatalkori
youngish fiatalos
youthful fiatalos
youthfully fiatalosan
youth fiatalság
dislocation ficam
luxation ficam
sprain ficam
caper fickándozás
cavort fickándozik
cub fickó
cuss fickó
sirrah fickó
varlet fickó
varmint fickó
wight fickó
listen figyel
watch figyel
attention figyelem
heed figyelem
observance figyelembevétel
attentive figyelmes
considerate figyelmes
observant figyelmes
regardful figyelmes
intentness figyelmesség
heedless figyelmetlen
inattentive figyelmetlen
regardless figyelmetlen
unheeding figyelmetlen
unobservant figyelmetlen
inattention figyelmetlenség
exhort figyelmeztet
warn figyelmeztet
warning figyelmeztet
exhortation figyelmeztetés
monition figyelmeztetés
prompting figyelmeztetés
warning figyelmeztetés
admonitory figyelmeztető
fag fika
felt filc
file/device file
file/item file
fillet filé
philharmonic filharmonikus
mite fillér
film film
movie film
topicalities filmhíradó
cinematography filmipar
philosopher filozófus
finale finálé
exciseman finánc
fart fing
poop fingani
farting fingás
pooping fingás
finn finn
finnish finn
finland finnország
dainty finom
delicate finom
fine finom
refined finom
subtle finom
tenuous finom
subtly finoman
refine finomít
refinement finomítás
unrefined finomítatlan
refiner finomító
refinery finomító
refined finomított
genteel finomkodó
fineness finomság
subtlety finomság
tenuity finomság
tenuousness finomság
grimace fintor
choosy finnyás
fastidious finnyás
squeamish finnyás
squeamishness finnyásság
drawer fiók
dresser fiókosszekrény
phial fiola
vial fiola
doodle firkál
scrawl firkálás
scribble firkálás
scribbler firkáló
flaunt fitogtat
dangle fityeg
bob fityegő
farthing fitying
groat fitying
foreskin fityma
prepuce fityma
disregard fitymálás
slighting fitymáló
boy fiú
lad fiú
son fiú
laddie fiúcska
boyhood fiúkor
boyish fiús
tomboy fiúslány
brother fiútestvér
grandson fiúunoka
fixation fixálás
fixing fixálás
fixative fixáló
fixer fixáló
defray fizet
pay fizetés
payment fizetés
salary fizetés
wage fizetés
stipendiary fizetéses
insolvent fizetésképtelen
bankruptcy fizetésképtelenség
unsalaried fizetéstelen
paid fizetett
payable fizethető
payer fizető
paying fizető
solvent fizetőképes
solvency fizetőképesség
paymaster fizetőtiszt
pd. fizetve
physics fizika
physical fizikai
physiotherapy fizikoterápia
physicist fizikus
physiologist fiziológus
fleming flamand
flemish flamand
flamingo flamingó
flannel flanell
flannels flanellnadrág
phlegm flegma
pinball flipperjáték
spangle flitter
tinsel flitter
floppy floppy
navy flotta
flirtation flört
philander flörtöl
fluorescence fluoreszkálás
fluorescent fluoreszkáló
footer foci
soccer foci
footballer focista
frill fodor
furbelow fodor
ruffle fodor
savoy fodorkel
spearmint fodormenta
tonsorial fodrászati
tonsorial fodrászi
frilled fodros
he'll fog
shall fog
take fog
tooth fog
will fog
receive fogad
votive fogadalmi
bet fogadás
reception fogadás
receving fogadás
bettor fogadó
inn fogadó
hotelier fogadós
innkeeper fogadós
teeth fogak
indite fogalmaz
draftsman fogalmazó
worded fogalmazott
conceptual fogalmi
notional fogalmi
concept fogalom
notion fogalom
metonymy fogalomcsere
contraception fogamzásgátlás
contraceptive fogamzásgátló
handgrip fogantyú
knob fogantyú
lug fogantyú
rack fogas
catching fogás
gearing fogaskerékmű
dentistry fogászat
odontology fogászat
dental fogászati
toothless fogatlan
toothing fogazás
dentition fogazat
dentate fogazott
toothed fogazott
myrmidon fogdmeg
receptive fogékony
responsive fogékony
susceptible fogékony
toothache fogfájás
pyorrhea fogínysorvadás
pyorrhoea fogínysorvadás
dentifrice fogkrém
toothpaste fogkrém
allocates foglal
socket foglalat
unmounted foglalatlan
avocation foglalkoz
treats foglalkozik
employ foglalkoztat
allocated foglalt
busy foglalt
engaged foglalt
occupied foglalt
taken foglalt
reservedsectors foglaltszektorok
occupational foglelkozási
pliers fogó
tag fogócska
tig fogócska
i'll fogok
captive fogoly
partridge fogoly
dentist fogorvos
ta'en fogott
captivity fogság
confinement fogság
denture fogsor
shalt fogsz
wouldest fogsz
wouldst fogsz
orthodonist fogszakorvos
detention fogvatartás
teething fogzás
teethe fogzik
dwindle fogy
lessen fogy
slimming fogyás
consumer fogyasztó
consumptive fogyasztó
infirmity fogyatékosság
diminution fogyatkozás
eclipse fogyatkozás
decrescent fogyó
choke fojtás
smothery fojtó
stifle fojtogat
stifling fojtogató
grad fok
grade fok
seal fóka
sealskin fókaprém
sealery fókatelep
garlic fokhagyma
spontoon fokos
heighten fokoz
intensify fokozás
upping fokozás
degrees fokozat
gradual fokozatos
stepped fokozatos
gradate fokozatosan
gradually fokozatosan
progressively fokozatosan
gradation fokozódás
graduation fokozódás
focus fókusz
foil fólia
folklore folklór
blot folt
macula folt
patch folt
smirch folt
splotch folt
stain folt
blotchy foltos
spotty foltos
stained foltos
patchiness foltosság
patchy foltozott
cleanser folttisztító
fluid folyadék
liquid folyadék
meniscus folyadékfelszín
procession folyamat
flowchart folyamatábra
processional folyamati
contiguous folyamatos
continguous folyamatos
continuous folyamatos
nonstop folyamatos
uninterrupted folyamatos
successively folyamatosan
fluvial folyami
riverain folyami
riverine folyami
petitioner folyamodó
fluent folyékony
fluency folyékonyság
flowing folyélony
flow folyik
cursive folyó
river folyó
peridoical folyóirat
riverside folyópart
aisle folyosó
corridor folyosó
gangway folyosó
hallway folyosó
proceed! folytasd!
continue folytat
continuation folytatás
sequel folytatás
pursue folytatni
continue folytatódik
persist folytatódik
continues folytatódnak
continually folytatólagosan
continual folytonos
continuance folytonosság
perpetuity folytonosság
awry fonák
backstroke fonák
thread fonal
twine fonal
yarn fonal
threads fonalak
thready fonalas
threadlike fonalszerű
spinning fonás
braid fonat
machination fondorlat
fraudulently fondorlatosan
chicanery fondorlatoskodás
phonetical fonetikus
phonetician fonetikus
spinner fonó
phonogram fonogram
spun fonott
wicker fonott
wickerwork fonottáru
lb. font
lbs. font
libra font
bethink fontolgat
important fontos
momentous fontos
serious fontos
major fontosabb
buckram fontoskodás
pragmatism fontoskodás
priggishness fontoskodás
consequential fontoskodó
officious fontoskodó
owlish fontoskodó
pragmatical fontoskodó
prissy fontoskodó
consequence fontosság
importance fontosság
relevance fontosság
relevancy fontosság
sear fonnyadt
sere fonnyadt
trans. ford.
translate fordít
translates fordít
interprets forditás
rendition fordítás
translating fordítás
translation fordítás
translator fordító
assembled fordított
converse fordított
reciprocal fordított
turned fordított
turn fordul
facings fordulás
rev fordulat
turns fordulatok
rev fordulatszám
tachometer fordulatszámmérő
shiver forgács
sliver forgács
splinter forgács
dealer forgalmazó
traffic forgalom
turnover forgalom
gyration forgás
turning forgás
gyroscope forgásmérő
brandish forgat
rotate forgat
ted forgat
whirligig forgatag
rotation forgatás
endorsee forgatmányos
endorser forgató
rotatory forgató
tedder forgató
scenario forgatókönyv
scenarist forgatókönyvíró
torque forgatónyomaték
trunnion forgattyúcsap
gyratory forgó
revolving forgó
rotary forgó
rotating forgó
swivel forgó
rotor forgórész
tornado forgószél
typhoon forgószél
whirlwind forgószél
bogie forgózsámoly
florin forint
shape forma
shaping formálás
ceremonious formális
formal formális
formalism formalizmus
formative formáló
vestment formaruha
shapely formás
externals formaságok
shapeliness formásság
unshapely formátlan
format formátum
formats formátumok
formatting formázás
molding formázás
moulding formázás
formatted formázott
formed formázott
rotatory foró
gyrate forog
revolve forog
spin forog
boil forr
revolutionist forradalmár
revolutionize forradalmasít
revolutionary forradalmi
revolution forradalom
cicatrice forradás
scarred forradásos
scarry forradásos
scalding forralás
mulled forralt
font forrás
fount forrás
headspring forrás
source forrás
sources források
headwaters forrásvidék
solder forraszanyag
soldering forrasztás
solderer forrasztóeszköz
burning forró
fervent forró
fervid forró
heated forró
hot forró
torrid forró
hotter forróbb
seethe forrong
ebullience forrongás
fervor forróság
fervour forróság
hotness forróság
torridity forróság
dodge fortély
guile fortély
ruse fortély
wile fortély
crafty fortélyos
forum fórum
phosphate foszfát
phosphoresce foszforeszkál
phosphorescence foszforeszkálás
luminescent foszforeszkáló
phosphorescent foszforeszkáló
phosphoric foszforos
phosphorous foszforos
shred foszlány
loot fosztogat
maraud fosztogat
plunder fosztogat
looting fosztogatás
pillage fosztogatás
plunder fosztogatás
spoliation fosztogatás
looter fosztogató
pillager fosztogató
plunderer fosztogató
photo fotó
tripod fotoállvány
trivet fotoállvány
photoelectric fotoelektromos
photocopy fotókópia
photon foton
cameraman fotoriporter
photosynthesis fotoszintézis
foxtrot foxtrott
capital fő
grand fő
main fő
mainstream főáram
mainmast főárbóc
headline főcím
joist födémgerenda
primates főemlősök
superintendent főfelügyelő
headquarters főhadiszállás
archduke főherceg
academy főiskola
college főiskola
academical főiskolai
collegiate főiskolai
ringleader főkolompos
ledger főkönyv
earth föld
underground földalatti
freeholder földbirtokos
landed földbirtokos
landowner földbirtokos
landholder földbitokos
landslide földcsuszamlás
landslip földcsuszamlás
laird földesúr
seigneur földesúr
seignior földesúr
squirely földesúri
bulldozer földgyalu
earthly földi
mundane földi
terrene földi
terrestrial földi
strawberry földieper
earthworm földigiliszta
groundworm földigiliszta
groundnut földimogyoró
peanut földimogyoró
perigee földközel
geocentric földközponti
geoworks földmunkák
tillage földművelés
cultivator földművelő
husbandman földműves
tiller földműves
lackland földnélküli
aliens földönkívüliek
feldspar földpát
felspar földpát
geography földrajz
geographical földrajzi
geographer földrajztudós
earthquake földrengés
seismic földrengési
seismology földrengéstan
earthy földszerű
isthmus földszoros
geology földtan
geological földtani
chiefly főleg
mainly főleg
uplift fölemelkedés
ascendancy fölény
mastership fölény
mastery fölény
superiority fölény
supercilious fölényes
swaggering fölényes
swaggering fölényeskedő
redundancy fölösleg
surplus fölösleg
redundant fölösleges
superfluous fölösleges
unnecessary fölösleges
unnecessarily fölöslegesen
superfluity fölöslegesség
skimmer fölözőkanál
noun főnév
phoenix főnix
boss főnök
chief főnök
topman főnök
prioress főnöknő
matron főnővér
jackpot főnyeremény
prelate főpap
headwaiter főpincér
heinous förtelmes
hideous förtelmes
mainspring főrugó
curmudgeon fösvény
stingy fösvény
miserliness fösvénység
chef főszakács
starring főszerepben:
protagonist főszereplő
unboiled főtlen
uncooked főtlen
boiled főtt
highroad főútvonal
thoroughfare főútvonal
metropolitan fővárosi
grit föveny
brew főzés
cookery főzés
cooking főzés
decoction főzet
codling főzőalma
kitchenette főzőfülke
hotplate főzőlap
french francia
france franciaország
franc frank
frigate fregatt
frequency frekvencia
flick fricska
flip fricska
flipp fricskáz
fresh friss
lush friss
greenness frissesség
viridity frissesség
freshen frissít
freshening frissítés
upgraded frissített
tonic frissítő
coiffure frizura
frontal frontális
terrycloth frottíranyag
spatter fröcsköl
splatter fröcsköl
spatter fröcskölés
splatter fröcskölés
filly fruska
phut fuccs
fugue fúga
tootle fújdogál
bellows fújtató
miserly fukar
niggardly fukar
scrimp fukarkodik
skimp fukarkodik
skimpiness fukarság
stinginess fukarság
choky fullasztó
suffocating fullasztó
traditionalist fundamentalista
function funkció
functionally funkcionálisan
backbite fúrás
drilling fúrás
mortise furat
astonishing furcsa
grotesque furcsa
kooky furcsa
quaint furcsa
queer furcsa
strangely furcsán
weirdly furcsán
grotesqueness furcsaság
oddity furcsaság
queerness furcsaság
strangeness furcsaság
pawky furfangos
van furgon
borer fúró
drill fúró
duffer fuser
run fut
runs fut
lap futam
pursuivant futár
running futás
runtime futásidejű
gust futó
runner futó
phaeton futókocsi
cursory futólagos
wildfire futótűz
retreaded futózott
running futtatás
exec futtatható
waft fuvallat
whiff fuvallat
freightage fuvardíj
waybill fuvarlevél
carrier fuvaros
carter fuvaros
drayman fuvaros
hauler fuvaros
haulier fuvaros
waggoner fuvaros
wagoner fuvaros
cartage fuvarozás
freighter fuvarozó
blowpipe fúvócső
jet fúvóka
nozzle fúvóka
flute fuvola
flautist fuvolás
flutist fuvolás
fluting fuvolázás
grass fű
herb fű
banian füge
banyan füge
fig füge
depend függ
hang függ
hangs függ
addendum függelék
appendage függelék
hung függesztett
independent független
irrespective független
unattached független
decolonize függetlenít
independence függetlenség
dependent függő
pendent függő
pendulous függő
unfunded függő
hammock függőágy
plumb függőleges
vertical függőleges
curtain függöny
purdah függöny
cornice függönykarnis
tringle függönyrúd
dependence függőség
functions függvények
ear fül
earwig fülbemászóbogár
earring fülbevaló
earrings fülbevaló
earlobe fülcimpa
lappet fülcimpa
lobe fülcimpa
nightingale fülemüle
eared füles
otology fülészet
earache fülfájás
otalgia fülfájás
otitis fülgyulladás
auricle fülkagyló
earflap fülkagyló
booth fülke
cabin fülke
compartment fülke
niche fülke
muggy fülledt
stuffy fülledt
stuffiness fülledtség
sultriness fülledtség
fibb füllent
fib füllentés
jarring fülsértő
blurb fülszöveg
parotid fültőmirigy
cerumen fülzsír
bathing fürdés
bathe fürdik
bath fürdő
bathtub fürdőkád
bathrobe fürdőköntös
bathroom fürdőszoba
spa fürdőváros
bather fürdőző
saw fűrész
sawyer fűrészelő
sawed fűrészelt
sawn fűrészelt
serrate fűrészes
serrated fűrészes
sawfish fűrészhal
sawdust fűrészpor
nimble fürge
swift fürge
alacrity fürgeség
tressy fürtös
raceme fürtvirágzat
fume füst
smog füstköd
smokeless füstmentes
fumigate füstöl
fumigation füstölés
smoking füstölés
smoked füstölt
reeky füstös
smoky füstös
curry fűszer
spice fűszer
grocer fűszeres
seasoned fűszeres
spicy fűszeres
spiciness fűszeresség
seasoning fűszerezés
herbaceous fűszerű
stoke fűt
heating fűtés
stoker fűtő
heater fűtőtest
radiator fűtőtest
cudgel fütykös
whistler füttyös
ping fütyül
whistle fütyül
ping fütyülés
whistle fütyülő
grassy füves
herbal füvészkönyv
osier fűz
festoon füzér
garlang fűzér
booklet füzet
osier fűzfa
sallow fűzfa
willow fűzfa
poetaster fűzfapoéta
doggerel fűzfavers
withy fűzfavessző
girdle fűző
stapler fűzőgép
staple fűzőkapocs
eyelet fűzőlyuk
grommet fűzőlyuk
grummet fűzőlyuk
stitched fűzött
cereals gabonafélék
cereal gabonapehely
winnower gabonarosta
corn gabonaszem
drake gácsér
cackle gágogás
babbler gagyogó
gala gála
haw galagonya
mayflower galagonya
whitethorn galagonya
hawthorn galagonyabokor
dove galamb
pigeon galamb
dovecote galambdúc
pigeonhole galambdúc
pigeonry galambdúc
tapeworm galandféreg
gallant gáláns
gallery galéria
collar gallér
gal. gallon
gallon gallon
electroplate galvanizál
galvanization galvanizálás
electroplated galvanizált
galvanic galvános
galleon gálya
galley gálya
twig gally
gamma gamma
animadversion gáncs
captious gáncsoskodó
warranty garancia
warranted garantált
gullet garat
pharynx garat
ruffianly garázda
truculent garázda
truculence garázdaság
truculency garázdaság
garage garázs
turtleneck garbónyak
prawn garnélarák
hurdle gát
hurdles gátfutás
hurdler gátfutó
inhibited gátlásos
uninhibited gátlástalan
unscrupulous gátlástalan
escapement gátlómű
embarrass gátol
hamper gátol
gas gáz
host gazda
affluent gazdag
rich gazdag
wealthy gazdag
aggrandizement gazdagodás
richly gazdagon
exuberance gazdagság
luxuriance gazdagság
mammon gazdagság
opulence gazdagság
profusion gazdagság
riches gazdagság
richness gazdagság
husbandry gazdálkodás
farm gazdaság
economic gazdasági
economical gazdaságos
uneconomic gazdaságtalan
uneconomical gazdaságtalan
derelict gazdátlan
unclaimed gazdátlan
unattended gazdátlen
gazelle gazella
springbok gazella
miscreant gazember
scoundrel gazember
villain gazember
knave gazfickó
gasworks gázgyár
ford gázló
wading gázló
wader gázlómadár
gaseous gáznemű
gasification gázosítás
gasometer gáztartály
misdoing gaztett
outrage gaztett
villainy gaztett
scoundrelism gazság
nag gebe
shrike gébics
jism geci
spunk geci
gag geg
gorge gége
laryngeal gége
throttle gége
laryngoscope gégetükör
ricochet geller
heron gém
gene gén
generator generátor
genetics genetika
genetic genetikai
gangster gengszter
hoodlum gengszter
thuggery gengszterség
genius géniusz
purulence genny
pus genny
sanies genny
purulent gennyes
purulence gennyesedés
suppuration gennyesedés
suppurate gennyesedik
geodesy geodézia
geodesic geodéziai
geodesical geodéziai
geodetic geodéziai
geodetical geodéziai
geophysics geofizika
geophysical geofizikai
geologist geológus
machine gép
cheetah gepárd
machines gépek
typewritten gépelt
skyjacking gépeltérítés
mechanize gépesít
motorize gépesít
mechanization gépesítés
machinist gépész
machinery gépezet
typist gépírónő
automobile gépkocsi
motorcar gépkocsi
triptyque gépkocsiigazolvány
motorman gépkocsivezető
motoring gépkocsizás
sten géppisztoly
enfilade géppuskasorozat
hijacking géprablás
hijacker géprabló
hackle gereben
heckle gerebléz
rake gereblye
raking gereblyézés
javelin gerely
beam gerenda
spar gerenda
ridge gerinc
spinal gerinc
vertebral gerinc
vertebrate gerinces
invertebrate gerinctelen
spineless gerinctelen
geisha gésa
chestnut gesztenye
marron gesztenye
maroon gesztenyebarna
gesticulate gesztikulál
gesture gesztus
ghetto gettó
gauze géz
gibbon gibbon
arty giccses
hokum giccses
scolopendrium gímharaszt
ginseng ginzeng
gypsum gipsz
guitar gitár
putty gitt
gladiator gladiátor
glacier gleccser
glycerin glicerin
glycerine glicerin
wildebeest gnú
plexus góc
golf golf
golfer golfjátékos
knickerbockers golfnadrág
golfing golfozás
links golfpálya
mashie golfütő
niblick golfütő
stork gólya
stilt gólyaláb
marbles golyók
ballpen golyóstoll
refill golyóstollbetét
taw golyózás
goitre golyva
goitter golyva
goitrous golyvás
button gomb
stud gomb
fungus gomba
mushroom gomba
fungous gombás
mycology gombatan
buttonhole gomblyuk
dumpling gombóc
clew gombolyag
cumulus gomolyfelhő
stratocumulus gomolyfelhő
care gond
careless gondatlan
feckless gondatlan
inadvertent gondatlan
mindless gondatlan
carelessness gondatlanság
inadvertence gondatlanság
malpractice gondatlanság
curator gondnok
guardian gondnok
warden gondnok
guardianship gondnokság
stewardship gondnokság
gondola gondola
nacelle gondola
gondolier gondolás
idea gondolat
thought gondolat
cogitation gondolkodás
reasoning gondolkodás
thinking gondolkodás
think gondolkodik
thinker gondolkodó
thoughtfull gondolkodó
cogitate gondolkozik
careful gondos
mindful gondos
painstaking gondos
provision gondoskodás
provider gondoskodó
thoughtfulness gondosság
attendant gondozó
carefree gondtalan
careworn gondterhelt
tutelar gondviselő
tutelary gondviselő
gong gong
evil gonosz
iniquitous gonosz
maleficent gonosz
unrighteous gonosz
vicious gonosz
devilry gonoszkodás
iniquity gonoszság
viciousness gonoszság
wickedness gonoszság
malefactor gonosztevő
viciously gonoszul
wickedly gonoszul
guv góré
gorilla gorilla
brusque goromba
rudeness gorombaság
gothic gótikus
ogival gótikus
tracery gótikus
pit gödör
arrogance gőg
haughtiness gőg
arrogant gőgös
haughty gőgös
globe gömb
orb gömb
roundish gömbölyded
rounding gömbölyítés
rounder gömbölyítő
balled gömbölyű
globular gömbölyű
rounded gömbölyű
spherical gömbölyű
rotundity gömbölyűség
roundness gömbölyűség
spheroid gömbszerű
curly göndör
frizzy göndör
frizz göndörít
frizzle göndörödik
curve görbe
curved görbe
bended görbít
inflection görbítés
curvature görbület
cramp görcs
knag görcs
knar görcs
snag görcs
spasm görcs
fitful görcsös
snaggy görcsös
spasmodic görcsös
spastic görcsös
skateboard gördeszka
fitch görény
trundle görgőkerék
greek görög
greece görögország
nodule göröngy
steam gőz
steamship gőzhajó
locomotive gőzmozdony
steaming gőzölgő
steamer gőzölő
steaming gőzölő
steamy gőzös
graphics grafika
graph grafikon
graphic grafikus
graphite grafit
plumbago grafit
graphology grafológia
graphologist grafológus
gram gramm
gramme gramm
gramophone gramofon
phonograph gramofon
pomegranate gránátalma
gillyflower gránátszegfű
garnet gránit
granite gránit
congratulation gratuláció
congratulatory gratuláló
congrats gratulálok
congratulations gratulálok
broiler grillsütő
grits gríz
earl gróf
countess grófnő
earldom grófság
grog grog
dibs guba
nutgall gubacs
ravel gubanc
shag gubanc
tangle gubanc
squat guggol
hunkers guggoló
squatter guggoló
jeer gúgyolódás
pyramid gúla
guilder gulden
cowherd gulyás
goulash gulyás
pottage gulyásleves
rubber gumi
tyre gumiabroncs
baton gumibot
billy gumibot
truncheon gumibot
jujube gumiculorka
waders gumicsizma
wellies gumicsizma
wellingtons gumicsizma
dinghy gumicsónak
puncture gumidefekt
contortionist gumiember
condom gumióvszer
rubberize gumíroz
latex gumitej
gummed gumizott
tuber gumó
bulbous gumós
tubercular gumós
tuberous gumós
gander gúnár
ironic gúny
irony gúny
scoff gúny
lampoon gúnyirat
squib gúnyirat
sneer gúnymosoly
sobriquet gúnynév
flout gúnyol
gibe gúnyol
jibe gúnyol
mock gúnyol
mockery gúnyolás
mocker gúnyoló
raillery gúnyolódás
scoffing gúnyolódás
biting gúnyos
derisive gúnyos
ironical gúnyos
sarcastic gúnyos
ironically gúnyosan
tauntingly gúnyosan
putt gurítás
rollable gurítható
rolling guruló
disgusting gusztustalan
unappetizing gusztustalan
unsavory gusztustalan
unsavoury gusztustalan
apoplexy gutaütés
apoplectic gutaütéses
toil gürcöl
plodding gürcölés
plodder gürcölő
frequent gyakori
rife gyakori
oftener gyakoribb
prevalence gyakoriság
frequentative gyakorító
exercise gyakorlat
practice gyakorlat
pragmatics gyakorlat
rutin gyakorlat
practical gyakorlati
pragmatic gyakorlati
practically gyakorlatilag
virtually gyakorlatilag
unpracticed gyakorlatlan
unpractised gyakorlatlan
unskilled gyakorlatlan
practising gyakorló
practiced gyakorlott
proficient gyakorlott
trainee gyakornok
practise gyakoroltat
frequently gyakran
oft gyakran
often gyakran
dishonor gyalázat
opprobrium gyalázat
slur gyalázat
damnable gyalázatos
dishonorable gyalázatos
disreputable gyalázatos
nefarious gyalázatos
opprobrios gyalázatos
crosswalk gyalogátkelőhely
palanquin gyaloghintó
afoot gyalogos
pedestrian gyalogos
walker gyalogos
wayfaring gyalogos
infantry gyalogság
causeway gyalogút
helpless gyámoltalan
resourceless gyámoltalan
shiftless gyámoltalan
supportless gyámoltalan
trusteeship gyámság
tutelage gyámság
wardship gyámság
distrust gyanakvás
imputable gyanítható
resin gyanta
rosin gyanta
resinous gyantás
suspicion gyanú
fishy gyanús
skuldoggery gyanús
suspicious gyanús
suspiciously gyanúsan
incriminate gyanúsít
suspect gyanúsít
imputation gyanúsítás
suspected gyanúsított
unsuspecting gyanútlan
unsuspicious gyanútlan
fleecy gyapjas
woolly gyapjas
woolliness gyapjasság
wool gyapjú
woolwork gyapjúhímzés
woollies gyapjúholmi
tweeds gyapjúöltöny
petersham gyapjúszövet
tweed gyapjúszövet
woolen gyapjúszövet
woollen gyapjúszövet
worsted gyapjúszövet
woolsack gyapjúzsák
cottonseed gyapotmag
factory gyár
manufactory gyár
manufacturing gyári
foible gyarlóság
peccadillo gyarlóság
peccadilloes gyarlóságok
colonialism gyarmat
colony gyarmat
colonial gyarmati
colonist gyarmatos
fabricate gyárt
fabrication gyártás
manufacture gyártás
producer gyártásvezető
maker gyártó
manufacturer gyártó
mourning gyász
monody gyászdal
threnody gyászdal
coronach gyászének
dirge gyászének
obituary gyászjelentés
requiem gyászmise
mourn gyászol
mourner gyászoló
funereal gyászos
mournful gyászos
sable gyászos
exequies gyászszertartás
coward gyáva
craven gyáva
recreant gyáva
cowardly gyáván
cowardice gyávaság
matting gyékényszőnyeg
diamond gyémánt
adamant gyémántkeménységű
feeble gyenge
infirm gyenge
weak gyenge
weakish gyengécske
tender gyengéd
gently gyengéden
endearment gyengédség
tenderness gyengédség
unfitness gyengélkedés
valetudinarian gyengélkedő
weakly gyengén
debility gyengeség
failing gyengeség
faintness gyengeség
weakness gyengeség
weaken gyengül
weakening gyengülés
individually gyénileg
lawn gyep
sod gyep
rein gyeplő
chit gyerek
kiddy gyerek
crib gyerekágy
children gyerekek
babyish gyerekes
childish gyerekes
infantile gyerekes
puerile gyerekes
puerility gyerekesség
kidnap gyerekrablás
scantly gyéren
bairn gyermek
child gyermek
puerperal gyermekágyi
puerile gyermekes
puerility gyermekesség
infanticide gyermekgyilkosság
paediatrics gyermekgyógyászat
pediatrics gyermekgyógyászat
filial gyermeki
perambulator gyermekkocsi
childhood gyermekkor
paediatrician gyermekorvos
pediatrician gyermekorvos
kidnaper gyermekrabló
kidnapper gyermekrabló
nursery gyermekszoba
childless gyermektelen
issueless gyermektelen
childlike gyermeteg
candle gyertya
rushlight gyertya
hornbeam gyertyánfa
candelabrum gyertyatartó
candlestick gyertyatartó
sconce gyertyatartó
lizard gyík
saurian gyík
killer gyilkos
killing gyilkos
murderer gyilkos
murderous gyilkos
slaughterous gyilkos
slayer gyilkos
murderess gyilkosnő
murder gyilkosság
poniard gyilok
therapeutist gyógyász
therapeutics gyógyászat
therapeutic gyógyászati
therapeutical gyógyászati
herb gyógyfű
herbalist gyógyfűkereskedő
curative gyógyhatású
salve gyógyír
cure gyógyít
heal gyógyít
medicate gyógyít
curing gyógyítás
incurable gyógyíthatatlan
curable gyógyítható
medicinal gyógyító
remedial gyógyító
medication gyógykezelés
therapy gyógymód
herbaria gyógynövénytár
drug gyógyszer
pharmaceutic gyógyszer
apothecary gyógyszerész
dispenser gyógyszerész
druggist gyógyszerész
pharmacist gyógyszerész
pharmaceutics gyógyszerészet
pharmaceutical gyógyszerészeti
pharmacopeia gyógyszerkönyv
pharmacopoeia gyógyszerkönyv
pharmacology gyógyszertan
chemist's gyógyszertár
dispensary gyógyszertár
drugstore gyógyszertár
pharmacy gyógyszertár
lint gyolcs
weed gyom
extirpator gyomírtó
herbicide gyomírtó
weeding gyomlálás
gastric gyomor
maw gyomor
stomach gyomor
ventricle gyomor
heartburn gyomorégés
stomachache gyomorfájás
pylorus gyomorkapu
bitters gyomorkeserű
hyperacidity gyomorsavtúltengés
cardia gyomorszáj
weedy gyomos
shrive gyóntat
shriven gyóntatás
shrived gyóntatott
shrove gyóntatott
fast gyors
quick gyors
rapid gyors
speedy gyors
tantivy gyors
turbo gyors
faster gyorsabb
apace gyorsan
hastily gyorsan
presto gyorsan
quickly gyorsan
rapidly gyorsan
speedily gyorsan
fastness gyorsaság
quickness gyorsaság
rapidity gyorsaság
speediness gyorsaság
swiftness gyorsaság
speeding gyorshajtás
speedster gyorshajtó
shorthand gyorsírás
stenography gyorsírás
stenographer gyorsíró
accelerator gyorsító
booster gyorsító
cached gyorsított
sped gyorsított
speeded gyorsított
laundrette gyorsmosoda
elastoplast gyorstapasz
laundromat gyorstisztító
acceleration gyorsulás
trudgen gyorsúszótempó
radix gyök
grassroots gyökerek
rooted gyökeres
rootless gyökértelen
rhizome gyökértörzs
radices gyökök
ginger gyömbér
feebly gyöngén
feebleness gyöngeség
bead gyöngy
pearl gyöngy
beading gyöngydíszítés
nacre gyöngyház
nacreous gyöngyházfényű
pearl gyöngyszem
beady gyöngyszerű
pearly gyöngyszerű
beautiful gyönyörű
beautifully gyönyörűen
torment gyötrelem
torture gyötrelem
excruciating gyötrelmes
tormentor gyötrő
victory győzelem
conqueror győztes
vanquisher győztes
victorious győztes
matches gyufa
matchmaker gyufagyáros
matchbox gyufásdoboz
ignition gyújtás
inflammatory gyújtó
arson gyújtogatás
pyromania gyújtogatás
focal gyújtóponti
focuses gyújtópontok
lightwood gyújtós
tinder gyújtós
touchwood gyújtós
detonator gyújtószerkezet
igniter gyújtószerkezet
combustible gyúlékony
inflammable gyúlékony
inflammation gyulladás
inflamed gyulladt
knead gyúr
pugging gyúrás
plasticine gyúrma
pugged gyúrt
fuze gyutacs
accumulate gyűjt
collection gyűjtemény
repertory gyűjtemény
gatherer gyűjtő
gleaner gyűjtő
assemblage gyülekezet
congregation gyülekezet
assembly gyűlés
animus gyűlölet
hate gyűlölet
hatred gyűlölet
odium gyűlölet
hateable gyűlöletes
hateful gyűlöletes
flan gyümöcskosár
fruit gyümölcs
fruiterer gyümölcsárus
sherbet gyümölcsfagylalt
peelings gyümölcshéj
fruity gyümölcsízű
pressings gyümölcslé
orchard gyümölcsös
fructification gyümölcsözés
fructify gyümölcsözik
fructiferous gyümölcsöző
fruitful gyümölcsöző
squeezer gyümölcsprés
charlotte gyümölcspuding
pomology gyümölcstermesztés
tartlet gyümölcstorta
uncrushable gyűrhetetlen
crease gyűrődés
crumple gyűrődik
crinkly gyűrődött
crinkly gyűrött
ring gyűrű
annular gyűrűs
ringed gyűrűs
thimble gyűszű
thimbleful gyűszűnyi
if ha
foam hab
froth hab
mousse hab
scum hab
spume hab
albeit habár
although habár
tho' habár
grout habarcs
pumice habkő
mermaid hableány
naiad hableány
nereid hableány
incommode háborgat
perturb háborgat
importunity háborgatás
unmolested háborítatlan
untroubled háborítatlan
war háború
scummy habos
spumy habos
demur habozás
hesitancy habozás
demurred habozik
jib habozik
hedger habozó
waverer habozó
waveringly habozva
beater habverő
frothy habzó
sputter hadarás
generalship hadászat
strategy hadászat
strategic hadászati
strategical hadászati
armies haderők
wartime hadi
stratagem hadicsel
navy hadiflotta
warship hadihajó
army hadsereg
strategist hadvezér
warlord hadvezér
warefare hadviselés
warring hadviselő
let hagy
bequest hagyaték
tradition hagyomány
conventional hagyományos
traditional hagyományos
bequeath hagyományoz
hair haj
maiden hajadon
spinster hajadon
unmarried hajadon
obesity hájasság
drover hajcsár
curler hajcsavaró
toupee hajcsomó
tussock hajcsomó
syne hajdan
pristine hajdani
quondam hajdani
ringlet hajfürt
tress hajfürt
hairnet hajháló
hurl hajít
hurling hajítás
flung hajított
hairbrush hajkefe
dandruff hajkorpa
bent hajlam
inclination hajlam
penchant hajlam
predisposition hajlam
proneness hajlam
propensity hajlam
aptitude hajlamosság
proneness hajlamosság
susceptibility hajlamosság
minded hajlandó
willing hajlandó
willingness hajlandóság
ductile hajlékony
flexible hajlékony
pliable hajlékony
supple hajlékony
yielding hajlékony
ductility hajlékonyság
flexibility hajlékonyság
suppleness hajlékonyság
dosser hajléltalan
flexion hajlítás
inflexion hajlítás
inflexibility hajlíthatatlanság
leaning hajló
cringe hajlongás
dawn hajnal
matutinal hajnali
craft hajó
nave hajó
ship hajó
shipwright hajóács
shipbuilding hajóépítés
shipbuilder hajóépítő
taffrail hajófarkorlát
bilge hajófenék
keel hajógerinc
dockyard hajógyár
shipyard hajógyár
armada hajóhad
hawser hajókötél
aboard hajón
prow hajóorr
strake hajópalánk
flotilla hajóraj
boatload hajórakomány
shipload hajórakomány
shipment hajórakomány
shipmaster hajóskapitány
hornpipe hajóstánc
shipmate hajóstárs
shipwreck hajótörés
shipwrecked hajótörött
stranded hajótörött
shipper hajótulajdonos
voyaging hajóút
voyager hajóutas
shipping hajózás
nautical hajózási
innavigable hajózhatatlan
unnavigable hajózhatatlan
navigable hajózható
navigability hajózhatóság
headband hajpánt
snood hajpánt
hairpiece hajpótlás
yoicks hajrá
capillary hajszálcsöves
radicle hajszálgyökér
hairbreadth hajszálnyi
hairline hajszálvonal
drier hajszárító
lotion hajszesz
chivy hajszol
propel hajt
propulsion hajtás
sprig hajtás
uncompromising hajthatatlan
propellant hajtó
propelling hajtó
lapel hajtoka
revers hajtóka
driven hajtott
propelled hajtott
bodkin hajtű
hairpin hajtű
tresses hajzat
fish hal
gratefulness hála
gratitude hála
thankfullness hála
thanksgiving hálaadás
proceed halad
advance haladás
forwardness haladás
headway haladás
progress haladás
deferment haladék
moratorium haladék
reprieve haladék
respite haladék
moratoria haladékok
moratoriums haladékok
advanced haladó
going haladó
progressive haladó
progression haladvány
death halál
quietus halál
deadly halálos
deathly halálos
lethal halálos
deadly halálosan
cadaverous halálsápadt
mortal halandó
mortality halandóság
baloney halandzsa
boloney halandzsa
temple halánték
fishwife halárus
grateful hálás
thankful hálás
fishpond halastó
fisher halász
fishermen halász
piscatorial halász
fishery halászat
fishing halászat
piscatorial halászati
trawler halászhajó
creel halászkosár
chowder halászlé
osprey halászsas
protract halaszt
postponement halasztás
protraction halasztás
thankless hálátlan
undutiful hálátlan
unfilial hálátlan
ungrateful hálátlan
unthankful hálátlan
ingratitude hálátlanság
unfilial hálátlanul
whalebone halcsont
dying haldokló
moribund haldokló
isinglass halenyv
skua halfarkas
deathless halhatatlan
immortal halhatatlan
undying halhatatlan
immortality halhatatlanság
milt halikra
spawn halikra
inaudible halk
fishmonger halkereskedő
hear hall
lobby hall
lounge hall
audition hallás
hearing hallás
auditive hallási
egregious hallatlan
hallelujah halleluja
hark hallgat
reticent hallgatag
taciturn hallgatag
uncommunicative hallgatag
taciturnity hallgatagság
hearer hallgató
listener hallgató
eavesdrop hallgatódzik
hearken hallgatódzik
eavesdropper hallgatódzó
tacit hallgatólagos
unspoken hallgatólagos
audibility hallgatóság
listening hallgatózás
eavesdrop hallgatózik
harken hallgatózik
hearken hallgatózik
eavesdropper hallgatózó
audible hallható
aural halló
halloo halló
hullo halló
otic halló
hearsay hallomás
earshot hallótávolság
heard hallott
cumulate halmoz
cumulative halmozódó
mesh háló
net háló
netting háló
alcove hálófülke
cubicle hálófülke
procrastinate halogat
procrastination halogatás
fabian halogató
bunk hálóhely
nightdress hálóing
nightgown hálóing
nightie hálóing
nightshirt hálóing
nighty hálóing
sark hálóing
heap halom
pile halom
reticulated hálós
meshed hálószerű
bedroom hálószoba
dorm hálóterem
dormitory hálóterem
dead halott
mortuary halottasház
hearse halottaskocsi
coroner halottkém
wan halovány
reticulate hálóz
mains hálózat
meshes hálózat
netting hálózat
network hálózat
reticulation hálózat
networks hálózatok
fishball halpogácsa
fishcake halpogácsa
bones halszálka
fishbone halszálka
hallucination halucináció
hallucinatory halucinációs
hallucinate halucinál
wan halvány
soon hamar
hamburger hamburger
adulterate hamisít
falsify hamisít
forge hamisít
adulteration hamisítás
faking hamisítás
falsification hamisítás
forgery hamisítás
faker hamisító
forger hamisító
adulterated hamisított
forged hamisított
snide hamisított
goldbrick hamisitvány
fake hamisítvány
falsity hamisság
desquamate hámlik
paring hámozás
peeling hámozás
ash hamu
cinder hamu
cinderella hamupipőke
ashy hamuszerű
ashen hamuszürke
ashtray hamutartó
potash hamuzsír
glaucous hamvas
peachy hamvas
cremate hamvaszt
cremation hamvasztás
romp hancúr
romper hancúrozó
scimitar handzsár
but hanem
sonic hang
sound hang
voice hang
heather hanga
hangar hangár
metathesis hangátvetés
fidelity hanghűség
clef hangjegykulcs
sounder hangjelző
phonation hangképzés
intonation hanglejtés
discothőque hanglemeztár
sonar hanglokátor
sounds hangok
tuning hangolás
tuner hangoló
tuned hangolt
loud hangos
louder hangosabban
aloud hangosan
loudly hangosan
talkies hangosfilm
loudness hangosság
gamut hangskála
accent hangsúly
articular hangsúlyos
accent hangsúlyoz
accentuate hangsúlyoz
accentuation hangsúlyozás
unstressed hangsúlyozatlan
proclitic hangsúlytalan
unaccented hangsúlytalan
orchestrate hangszerel
orchestration hangszerelés
instrumental hangszeres
timbre hangszín
tone hangszín
tonal hangszínezeti
megaphone hangszóró
soundless hangtalan
toneless hangtalan
voiceless hangtalan
phonetics hangtan
acoustic hangtani
damper hangtompító
silencer hangtompító
toned hangú
voiced hangú
mood hangulat
onomatopoeia hangutánzás
echoic hangutánzó
onomatopoeic hangutánzó
concert hangverseny
sounding hangzás
orotund hangzatos
sonorous hangzatos
sonority hangzatosság
cacophony hangzavar
sonant hangzó
vocal hangzó
elision hangzókihagyás
ant hangya
anthill hangyadomb
rant hanta
ranter hantázó
stonechat hantmadár
spokeshave hántológyalu
puke hány
quota hányad
quotient hányados
indolent hanyag
neglectful hanyag
negligent hanyag
remiss hanyag
slipshod hanyag
dereliction hanyagság
indolence hanyagság
negligence hanyagság
decadence hanyatlás
declension hanyatlás
decline hanyatlás
ebb hanyatlás
retrogression hanyatlás
decadent hanyatló
retrogressive hanyatló
supine hanyatt
adrift hánykolódva
emetic hánytató
atishoo hapci!
quack hápogás
bloke hapsi
guy hapsi
anger harag
choler harag
wrath harag
irate haragos
wrathful haragos
snap haragszik
escheat háramlás
ben harang
bellfry harangláb
columbine harangláb
tolling harangozás
peal harangszó
bluebell harangvirág
harebell harangvirág
tintinnabulation harangzúgás
bite harap
nibble harap
snappish harapós
fight harc
combative harcias
martial harcias
pugnacious harcias
warlike harcias
militancy harciasság
pugnacity harciasság
echelon harclépcső
militate harcol
fighting harcoló
figthing harcoló
warred harcoló
fought harcolt
campaigner harcos
fighter harcos
militant harcos
hardware hardver
harem hárem
seraglio hárem
odalisque háremhölgy
harp hárfa
harpist hárfás
landrail haris
stocking harisnya
stockings harisnya
tights harisnyanadrág
garter harisnyatartó
suspenders harisnyatartó
fend hárít
parry hárítás
pecker harkály
woodpecker harkály
tierce harmad
trimester harmadév
tertiary harmadfokú
third harmadik
trisect harmadol
trisection harmadolás
ternary hármas
trey hármas
triad hármas
triplet hármas
triphthong hármashangzó
thirty harminc
thirtieth harmincadik
harmony harmónia
unison harmónia
harmonica harmonika
harmonic harmonikus
harmonious harmonikus
harmonium harmónium
harmonize harmonizál
three három
triphase háromfázisú
triweekly háromhetenként
triweekly háromhetenkénti
trilobate háromkarélyú
trilingual háromnyelvű
trilateral háromoldalú
tripartite háromrészes
trinity háromság
threesome háromszemélyes
tricolor háromszínű
tricolour háromszínű
thrice háromszor
threefold háromszoros
treble háromszoros
triple háromszoros
triplex háromszoros
triplicate háromszoros
threefold háromszorosan
trebly háromszorosan
trisyllabic háromszótagú
triangle háromszög
triangulation háromszögelés
trigonometry háromszögtan
trigonometric háromszögtani
trigonometrical háromszögtani
triangular háromszögű
trigonal háromszögű
brimstone hárpi
harpy hárpia
shrew hárpia
termagant hárpia
linden hársfa
blare harsog
clarion harsona
trombone harsona
filmy hártyás
membraneous hártyás
incumbent háruló
abdomen has
belly has
breadbasket has
prism hasáb
cleavage hasadás
fissure hasadás
cranny hasadék
crevice hasadék
fissile hasadó
fissionable hasadó
splitting hasadó
underbelly hasalj
ventriloquism hasbeszéd
ventriloquist hasbeszélő
aloes hashajtó
aperient hashajtó
cathartic hashajtó
laxative hashajtó
purgative hashajtó
abdominal hasi
hashis hasis
rend hasít
splits hasít
rip hasítás
slash hasítás
slit hasíték
ripping hasító
cleaver hasítóbárd
pitsaw hasítófűrész
cleaved hasított
cloven hasított
slashed hasított
split hasított
splitted hasított
diarrhea hasmenés
diarrhoea hasmenés
pancreas hasnyálmirigy
lancinating hasogató
assimilate hasonít
assimilation hasonítás
metaphor hasonlat
simile hasonlat
similitude hasonlatosság
resemble hasonlít
incomparable hasonlíthatatlan
unexcelled hasonlíthatatlan
akin hasonló
alike hasonló
analogous hasonló
similar hasonló
similarly hasonlóan
likewise hasonlóképpen
analogy hasonlóság
likeness hasonlóság
resemblance hasonlóság
semblance hasonlóság
similarity hasonlóság
clone hasonmás
analogue hasonmása
clones hasonmások
congenial hasonszőrű
apply használ
use használ
uses használ
usage használat
disuse használatlanság
unusable használhatatlan
serviceable használható
usable használható
practicability használhatóság
used használt
behoof hasznára
unserviceable hasznavehetetlen
gainful hasznos
useful hasznos
expediency hasznosság
usefulness hasznosság
utility hasznosság
avail haszon
emolument haszon
gain haszon
lucre haszon
proceeds haszon
profit haszon
lease haszonbérlet
leasehold haszonbérlet
leaseholder haszonbérlő
lessee haszonbérlő
usufruct haszonélvezet
beneficiary haszonélvező
utilitarianism haszonelvűség
grabber haszonleső
utilitarian haszonleső
unhelpful haszontalan
useless hasztalan
six hat
huge hatalmas
monumental hatalmas
puissant hatalmas
swingeing hatalmas
walloping hatalmas
power hatalom
quash hatálytalanít
repeal hatálytalanít
supersede hatálytalanít
defeasance hatálytalanítás
repeal hatálytalanítás
pickaback hátán
boundary határ
frontier határ
limit határ
dateline határidő
deadline határidő
landmark határkő
confines határok
bound határol
confine határol
delimit határol
enclose határol
delimiter határolójel
bordering határos
juxtaposition határosság
indecisive határozatlan
indeterminate határozatlan
indecision határozatlanság
phrasal határozós
adverb határozószó
expressed határozott
plump határozott
resolved határozott
unfaltering határozott
unhesiating határozott
unswerving határozott
decidedly határozottan
explicitly határozottan
stoutly határozottan
strenuously határozottan
explicitness határozottság
stoutness határozottság
sturdiness határozottság
boundless határtalan
unbounded határtalan
unlimited határtalan
bourne határterület
borderer határvidéki
borderline határvonal
efficiency hatásfok
purview hatáskör
scope hatáskör
hackney hátasló
effectual hatásos
impressive hatásos
operative hatásos
effectiveness hatásosság
efficacy hatásosság
inconclusive hatástalan
ineffective hatástalan
inefficient hatástalan
unimpressive hatástalan
defuse hatástalanít
stultify hatástalanít
attitudinize hatásvadász
creepy hátborzongató
eerie hátborzongató
eery hátborzongató
ghoulish hátborzongató
macabre hátborzongató
weird hátborzongató
vertebra hátcsigolya
effecient hatékony
backbone hátgerinc
vertebrae hátgerinc
osteopathy hátgerincmasszázs
efficacious hathatós
efficaciousness hathatósság
dorsal háti
knapsack hátizsák
rucksack hátizsák
backboard hátlap
hexahedrom hatlapú
chiropractic hátmasszázs
sixth hatodik
verso hátoldal
hinterland hátország
sextet hatos
sextette hatos
authorities hatóságok
sixpence hatpenny
sixpence hatpennys
aback hátra
astern hátra
backward hátra
astern hátrafelé
boggle hátrál
flinch hátrál
recede hátrál
arrears hátralék
backlog hátralék
receding hátráló
sternway hátramenet
detriment hátrány
disservice hátrány
drawback hátrány
handicap hátrány
detrimental hátrányos
disadvantageous hátrányos
underdog hátrányos
hind hátsó
mizen hátsó
mizzen hátsó
rear hátsó
rearward hátsó
backside hátsórész
sextuple hatszoros
sixfold hatszoros
hexagon hatszög
background háttér
foreground háttér
upstage háttérben
rearwards hátul
rearward hátulsó
sixty hatvan
threescore hatvan
sixties hatvanas
sexagenarian hatvanéves
involving hatványozás
cygnet hattyú
swan hattyú
alp havas
snowy havas
alps havasok
crony haver
pally haverkodó
monthly havi
courses havibaj
monthlies havibaj
menstruation havivérzés
house ház
quisling hazaáruló
treasonable hazaáruló
treasonous hazaáruló
patriot hazafi
patriotic hazafias
unpatriotic hazafiatlan
houses házak
peddle házal
canvasser házaló
hawker házaló
huckster házaló
peddler házaló
pedlar házaló
punt hazárdírozik
gambling hazárdjáték
punter hazárdőr
married házas
wedded házas
wed házasodik
marriage házasság
matrimony házasság
wedlock házasság
conjugal házassági
matrimonial házassági
adultery házasságtörés
adulterous házasságtörő
connubial házastársi
marital házastársi
patriotism hazaszeretet
caretaker házfelügyelő
vanned házhozszállított
domestic házi
domiciliary házi
domesticate háziasít
domesticity háziasság
goodwife háziasszony
hostess háziasszony
housewife háziasszony
landlady háziasszony
martin házifecske
oratorio házikápolna
cottage házikó
lodge házikó
chore házimunka
homework házimunka
housework házimunka
brimstone házisárkány
homespun háziszőttes
landlord háziúr
household háztartás
housekeeping háztartás
ménage háztartás
homemaker háztartásbeli
housetop háztető
mendacity hazudozás
liar hazug
mendacious hazug
untruthful hazug
lying hazugság
untruth hazugság
housekeeper házvezető
housekeeper házvezetőnő
scold házsártos
shrewish házsártos
vixenish házsártos
halloa hé
hey hé
heigh hé!
holloa hé!
razz heccel
cicatrice heg
scar heg
fiddle hegedű
violin hegedű
violinist hegedűművész
fiddler hegedűs
fiddlestick hegedűvonó
hegemony hegemónia
weld hegesztés
welding hegesztés
weld hegesztésvarrat
welded hegesztett
torch hegesztőpisztoly
mountain hegy
nib hegy
tip hegy
mountainous hegyes
spiked hegyes
spiky hegyes
tipped hegyes
foreland hegyfok
ness hegyfok
promontory hegyfok
ridge hegygerinc
sierra hegylánc
mountaineering hegymászás
alpinist hegymászó
mountaineer hegymászó
alpenstock hegymászóbot
nibbed hegyű
hull héj
husk héj
buzzard héja
hawk héja
husky héjas
acre hektár
hectare hektár
helicopter helikopter
hello hello
locality hely
location hely
place hely
site hely
locus helye
loci helyek
apposite helyénvaló
pertinent helyénvaló
cute helyes
right helyes
rectify helyesbít
rectification helyesbítés
aright helyesen
orthography helyesírás
orthographic helyesírási
orthographical helyesírási
acclamation helyeslés
corrective helyesség
behalf helyett
instead helyett
lieu helyett
acting helyettes
deputy helyettes
locum helyettes
proxy helyettes
sub helyettes
substitute helyettes
vicarious helyettes
vicegerent helyettes
substitute helyettesít
substituting helyettesít
replacement helyettesítés
substituting helyettesítés
substitution helyettesítés
supersession helyettesítés
substitutions helyettesítések
replaceable helyettesíthető
understudy helyettesítő
vicarious helyettesítő
vicegerent helyettesítő
substituted helyettesítve
lay helyez
places helyez
placing helyezés
putting helyezés
unplaced helyezetlen
booking helyfoglalás
endemic helyi
local helyi
parochial helyi
topical helyi
locally helyileg
premises helyiség
padding helykitöltés
toponym helynév
cursor helyőr
garrison helyőrség
topography helyrajz
reconstruct helyreállít
renovate helyreállít
restitute helyreállít
reconstruction helyreállítás
restitution helyreállítás
restoration helyreállítás
recuperate helyrehoz
retrieve helyrehoz
retrieving helyrehozás
retrievals helyrehozások
irreparable helyrehozhatatlan
redeemable helyrehozható
retrieved helyrehozott
emend helyreigazít
emendation helyreigazítás
locality helység
placename helységnév
gazetteer helységnévtár
locale helyszín
pertinence helytállóság
improper helytelen
incorrect helytelen
undue helytelen
unseemly helytelen
unwarrantable helytelen
discountenance helytelenít
amiss helytelenül
incorrectly helytelenül
wrongly helytelenül
plight helyzet
position helyzet
situation helyzet
stance helyzet
potential helyzeti
relocation helyzetváltoztatás
bragged henceg
brag hencegés
gasconade hencegés
gasconnade hencegés
rodomontade hencegés
swagger hencegés
vaunt hencegés
boastful hencegő
bouncer hencegő
cylinder henger
roller henger
cylindric hengeres
butcher hentes
butcher's hentesbolt
bumpy hepehupás
duke herceg
prince herceg
ducal hercegi
princely hercegi
duchess hercegnő
princess hercegnő
duchy hercegség
dukedom hercegség
princedom hercegség
drone here
testicle here
orchitis heregyulladás
suspensory herekötő
geld herél
emasculated herélt
eunuch herélt
scrotum herezacskó
herring hering
ermine hermelin
miniver hermelin
stoat hermelin
caterpillar hernyó
grub hernyó
floss hernyóselyem
heroin heroin
herpes herpesz
herpetic herpeszes
wilt hervad
unfading hervadhatatlan
withering hervadó
withered hervadt
shoo hess
bo hess!
boh hess!
boo hess!
seven hét
week hét
seventh hetedik
weekly hetenkénti
heterosexual heteroszexuális
septet hetes
septette hetes
septennial hétévenkénti
monday hétfő
hebdomadal heti
weekly heti
weekday hétköznap
trivial hétköznapi
unromantic hétköznapi
unromantic hétköznapias
workaday hétköznapias
weekdays hétköznapok
heptagon hétszög
heptagonal hétszögű
weekend hétvége
seventy hetven
seventieth hetvenedik
septuagesima hetvenedvasárnap
septuagenarian hetvenéves
roister hetvenkedik
blusterer hetvenkedő
swanker hetvenkedő
jaunty hetyke
pert hetyke
pertly hetykén
pertness hetykeség
elan hév
fieriness hév
pathos hév
vehemence hév
verve hév
bracer heveder
webbing heveder
fervent heves
fervid heves
fierce heves
heady heves
impetuous heves
rampant heves
vehement heves
acuteness hevesség
impetousity hevesség
hexameter hexameter
homewards hezafelé
hiatus hézag
interstice hézag
lacuna hézag
stopgap hézagpótló
vainly hiába
bootless hiábavaló
fiddling hiábavaló
nugatory hiábavaló
profitless hiábavaló
unavailing hiábavaló
vain hiábavaló
vainness hiábavalóság
dearth hiány
default hiány
defect hiány
deficiency hiány
deficit hiány
lack hiány
shortage hiány
shortfall hiány
ullage hiány
caret hiányjel
defaults hiányok
deficient hiányos
incomplet hiányos
scant hiányos
scanty hiányos
barely hiányosan
scantily hiányosan
scantiness hiányosság
shortcoming hiányosság
lacking hiányzó
missing hiányzó
wanting hiányzó
bloomer hiba
error hiba
fault hiba
flaw hiba
lapse hiba
mistake hiba
error. hiba.
errors hibák
failures hibák
defective hibás
erroneous hibás
faulty hibás
unsound hibás
wrong hibás
fails hibásak
faultiness hibásság
errorlevel hibaszint
correct hibátlan
faultless hibátlan
flawless hibátlan
fail hibázik
failed hibázott
inculpate hibáztat
blamable hibáztatható
blameworthy hibáztatható
hibiscus hibiszkusz
hybrid hibrid
bridge híd
chill hideg
cold hideg
frigid hideg
sexless hideg
coldness hidegség
frigidity hidegség
coolness hidegvér
bridgework hídépítés
bridgehead hídfő
hydrate hidratál
hydraulics hidraulika
hydraulic hidraulikus
hydrogen hidrogén
hydrometer hidrométer
hydroplane hidroplán
seaplane hidroplán
belief hiedelem
hyaena hiéna
hyena hiéna
hieroglyphics hieroglifák
washy híg
washily hígan
mercury higany
quicksilver higany
imperturbable higgadt
placid higgadt
staid higgadt
stoic higgadt
stoical higgadt
unperturbed higgadt
imperturbability higgadtság
moderateness higgadtság
placidity higgadtság
staidness higgadtság
stoicism higgadtság
hygiene higiénia
hygienic higiénikus
attenuate hígít
dilute hígít
dilution hígítás
diluent hígító
inconcievable hihetetlen
incredible hihetetlen
unbelievable hihetetlen
believable hihető
credible hihető
credibility hihetőség
swingigng himbálódzó
embroider hímez
pock himlő
pox himlő
smallpox himlő
variola himlő
variole himlőhely
anthem himnusz
penis hímvessző
embroidery hímzés
sampler hímzésminta
seaweed hínár
tang hínár
dredge hint
strew hint
cockhorse hintaló
rocker hintaszék
swing hintázik
swung hintázott
sprinkling hintés
cart hintó
landau hintó
hyperbola hiperbola
permanganate hipermangán
hypnotic hipnotikus
hypnotize hipnotizál
mesmerize hipnotizál
hypnotism hipnotizálás
hypnotist hipnotizőr
hypnosis hipnózis
mesmerism hipnózis
hypothesis hipotézis
beatnik hippi
hippie hippi
hippy hippi
fame hír
news hír
repute hír
tidings hír
newsreel híradó
signaler híradós
signaller híradós
advertisement hirdetés
advertising hirdetés
declaring hirdetés
advertiser hirdető
billboard hirdetőtábla
billed hirdetve
famed híres
famous híres
noted híres
reputable híres
arrant hírhedt
notorious hírhedt
notoriety hírhedtség
communication hírközlés
newscast hírközlés
communicant hírközlő
newscaster hírközlő
journalistic hírlapi
celebrity hírnév
fame hírnév
renown hírnév
reputation hírnév
repute hírnév
renowned hírneves
reputed hírneves
herald hírnök
messenger hírnök
abrupt hirtelen
abruptly hirtelen
sudden hirtelen
suddenly hirtelen
choleric hirtelenharagú
suddenness hirtelenség
sauté hirtelensült
propaganda hírverés
believe hisz
credulous hiszékeny
gullible hiszékeny
credulity hiszékenység
gullibility hiszékenység
hysteria hisztéria
hysteric hisztérikus
hysterical hisztérikus
hysterics hiszti
faith hit
entail hitbizomány
apostasy hitehagyás
apostate hitehagyott
renegade hitehagyott
credit hitel
canon hiteles
legalize hitelesít
authentication hitelesítés
probate hitelesítés
authenticity hitelesség
genuineness hitelesség
creditor hitelező
obligee hitelező
creditable hitelképes
credence hitelre
overdraft hiteltúllépés
infidel hitetlen
unbeliever hitetlen
unchristian hitetlen
disbelief hitetlenség
perfidious hitszegő
missionary hittérítő
theology hittudomány
theological hittudományi
theologian hittudós
credo hitvallás
creed hitvallás
vile hitvány
villainous hitvány
vileness hitványság
consort hitves
spouse hitves
helpmeet hitvestárs
foppish hiú
vanity hiúság
lynx hiúz
call hív
call. hívás
calling hívás
cue hívás
phone hívás
calls hívások
office hivatal
magisterial hivatali
clerk hivatalnok
officialdom hivatalnokok
official hivatalos
formally hivatalosan
officially hivatalosan
occupation hivatás
profession hivatás
vocation hivatás
professional hivatásos
professionalism hivatásosság
allusion hivatkozás
ref. hivatkozás
reference hivatkozás
adduce hivatkozik
linked hivatkozott
unbidden hívatlan
uncalled hívatlan
unbidden hívatlanul
devotee híve
worshippers hívek
callable hívható
inviting hívogató
callers hívók
called hívott
believer hívő
adulate hízeleg
blandish hízeleg
smarm hízeleg
wheedle hízeleg
adulation hízelgés
blandishment hízelgés
cajolery hízelgés
flattery hízelgés
sawder hízelgés
sycophancy hízelgés
toadyism hízelgés
toadied hízelgett
complimentary hízelgő
fawning hízelgő
flatter hízelgő
flatterer hízelgő
flattering hízelgő
smarmy hízelgő
sycophant hízelgő
toady hízelgő
truckler hízelgő
fatten hízik
fattening hízlaló
porker hízó
fatted hízott
h'm hm!
umph hmm
humph hmm!
snow hó
whoa hó
wo hó!
mo. hó.
hobby hobbi
fad hóbort
faddish hóbortos
pixilated hóbortos
conquest hódítás
homage hódolat
obeisance hódolat
snowman hóember
snowfall hóesés
ptarmigan hófajd
snowwhite hófehérke
snowball hógolyó
if hogy
how? hogy?
how hogyan
certainly! hogyne
whoa hóha
hangman hóhér
headsman hóhér
hockey hoki
bandy hokiütő
where hol
where? hol?
whereabouts? hol?
moon hold
satellite hold
luniform holdalakú
moonlight holdfény
lunatic holdkoros
noctambulist holdkóros
somnambulist holdkóros
somnambulism holdkórosság
moonbeam holdsugár
moonlit holdvilágos
dutch holland
holland hollandia
netherlands hollandia
raven holló
paraphernalia holmi
traps holmi
tomorrow holnap
backwater holtág
jaded holtfáradt
impasse holtpont
stalemate holtpont
bladder hólyag
blister hólyag
vesicant hólyaghúzó
hollywood hollywood
blur homály
gloom homály
gloominess homály
haze homály
murk homály
abstruse homályos
blurred homályos
dim homályos
dimmer homályos
dimmest homályos
dusky homályos
gloomy homályos
hazy homályos
indistinct homályos
murky homályos
obscure homályos
stygian homályos
tenebrous homályos
twilit homályos
haziness homályosság
lobster homár
forehead homlok
frontlet homlokpánt
facade homlokzat
frontage homlokzat
homogenize homogenizál
sand homok
buggy homokfutó
gritstone homokkő
sandstone homokkő
whin homokkő
sanded homokos
sandy homokos
tawny homokszínű
sandcastle homokvár
sandstorm homokvihar
sandbag homokzsák
concave homorú
concavity homorúság
homosexual homoszexuális
homosexuality homoszexualitás
pederasty homoszexualitás
armpit hónalj
month hónap
compatriot honfitárs
whence honnan
wherefrom? honnan?
remunerate honorál
naturalize honosít
naturalization honosítás
unnaturalized honosítatlan
naturalized honosított
homeless hontalan
stateless hontalan
homesickness honvágy
snowflake hópehely
snowflakes hópihék
wore hord
porter hordár
redcap hordár
barrel hordó
cask hordó
keg hordó
tun hordó
spigot hordócsap
borne hordott
portable hordozható
portability hordozhatóság
spelter horgany
zinc horgany
unciform horgas
angler horgász
angling horgászás
crochet horgolás
anchor horgony
anchorage horgonyhely
anchorage horgonyzóhely
snore horkol
snoring horkolás
stertorous horkoló
snored horkolt
hormone hormon
fluted hornyolt
fylfot horogkereszt
swastika horogkereszt
rabbet horony
horoscope horoszkóp
depression horpadás
hydrangea hortenzia
heaveho hórukk!
bruise horzsolás
chafe horzsolás
lenght hossz
alongside hosszában
endways hosszában
endwise hosszában
lengthwise hosszában
longways hosszában
longer hosszabb
elongate hosszabbít
lengthen hosszabbít
elongation hosszabbítás
lengthy hosszadalmas
lingering hosszadalmas
livelong hosszadalmas
sustained hosszantartó
longwise hosszirányban
lengthways hosszirányú
longitudinal hosszirányú
long hosszú
longish hosszúkás
trews hosszúnadrág
length hosszúság
whereto? hova?
whither? hova?
blizzard hóvihar
snowstorm hóvihar
snowdrop hóvirág
bring hoz
dowry hozomány
portionless hozománytalan
brought hozott
add hozzáad
adds hozzáad
added hozzáadta
adding hozzáadva
accommodate hozzáalkalmaz
affix hozzáerősít
attached hozzáerősített
savvy hozzáértés
adept hozzáértő
inaccessible hozzáférhetetlen
inaccessibility hozzáférhetetlenség
approachable hozzáférhető
accessibility hozzáférhetőség
append hozzáfűz
appends hozzáfűz
accomodate hozzáilleszt
conform hozzáilleszt
redound hozzájárul
contribution hozzájárulás
contributions hozzájárulások
contributory hozzájáruló
admix hozzákever
admixture hozzákeverés
accustom hozzászoktat
superadd hozzátesz
findings hozzávalók
warmth hő
convection hőáramlás
thermoelectric hőelektromos
thermoelectricity hőelektromosság
thermocuple hőelem
subfebrility hőemelkedés
subfebrile hőemelkedéses
thermostat hőfokszabályozó
thermochemistry hőkémia
anneal hőkezel
dame hölgy
lady hölgy
milady hölgy
ladies hölgyek
temp. hőm.
pyrometer hőmérő
thermometer hőmérő
temperature hőmérséklet
thermos hőpalack
gopher hörcsög
hamster hörcsög
bronchitis hörghurut
hero hős
heat hőség
heroic hősi
heroical hősies
heroically hősiesen
heroism hősiesség
heroine hősnő
exploit hőstett
feat hőstett
thermostat hőszabályozó
thermostatic hőszabályozó
piss húgy
uric húgy
urethra húgycső
vesica húgyhólyag
ureter húgyvezeték
ululate huhog
ululation huhogás
hooligan huligán
hooliganism huliganizmus
pickings hulladék
spoilage hulladék
pickings hulladékok
spoilage hulladékpapír
morgue hullaház
surf hullám
wave hullám
waveform hullámalak
seersucker hullámkreppszöv
surfer hullámlovas
wavelet hullámocska
surfy hullámos
undulatory hullámos
waved hullámos
wavy hullámos
crimp hullámosság
waviness hullámosság
waveband hullámsáv
undertow hullámtörés
breakwater hullámtörő
undulation hullámzás
ripple hullámzik
surge hullámzik
undulate hullámzik
surging hullámzó
undulating hullámzó
waving hullámzó
cadaver hullatetem
fallen hullott
humanist humanista
humanism humanizmus
humor humor
humour humor
humorist humorista
humourist humorista
humus humusz
mold humusz
hun hun
imp huncut
impish huncut
roguish huncut
waggish huncut
impish huncutkodó
hellebore hunyor
thud huppan
chord húr
welt hurka
loops hurkok
loopy hurkos
bight hurok
kink hurok
loop hurok
stringed húros
stringer húrozó
hooray hurrá
hurrah hurrá!
hurray hurrá!
hurricane hurrikán
flesh hús
meat hús
masticator húsdaráló
mincer húsdaráló
greenbottle húslégy
bouillon húsleves
broth húsleves
beefy húsos
fleshy húsos
meatless hústalan
easter húsvét
paschal húsvéti
twenty húsz
twentieth huszadik
cavalryman huszár
hussar huszár
chop hússzelet
collop hússzelet
draw húz
pull húz
tug húz
rifled huzagolt
drag húzás
dragging húzás
gambit húzás
haul húzás
pulling húzás
blast huzat
draught huzat
blowy huzatos
draughty huzatos
overdress huzatruha
puller húzó
tractive húzó
trawl húzóháló
halyard húzókötél
gathered húzott
faithful hű
loyal hű
feoff hűbérbirtok
liegeman hűbéres
vassal hűbéres
vassalage hűbéresség
fuss hűhó
pother hűhó
cretin hülye
gaga hülye
gormless hülye
idiotic hülye
imbecile hülye
moonstruck hülye
moronic hülye
mutt hülye
nitwit hülye
idiocy hülyeség
stupidity hülyeség
fidelity hűség
loyalty hűség
stanch hűséges
faithfully hűségesen
refrigerate hűt
refrigeration hűtés
disaffected hűtlen
disloyal hűtlen
faithless hűtlen
unfaithful hűtlen
disloyalty hűtlenség
faithlessness hűtlenség
infidelity hűtlenség
traitorously hűtlenül
cooler hűtőedény
coolant hűtőfolyadék
fridge hűtőszekrény
icebox hűtőszekrény
refrigerator hűtőszekrény
chilled hűtött
iced hűtött
pod hüvely
sheath hüvely
shuck hüvely
leguminous hüvelyes
inch hüvelyk
thumb hüvelykujj
chilly hűvös
cool hűvös
viola ibolya
violet ibolya
weeny icipici
snr. id.
ideal ideális
idealist idealista
idealistic idealista
idealize idealizál
idealism idealizmus
nerve ideg
neurotic idegbajos
neuropath idegbeteg
neurosis idegbetegség
alien idegen
extraneous idegen
gentile idegen
stranger idegen
tourism idegenforgalom
xenophobia idegengyűlölet
xenophobe idegengyűlölő
averseness idegenkedés
disinclination idegenkedés
indisposition idegenkedés
reluctance idegenkedés
repugnance idegenkedés
averse idegenkedő
cicerone idegenvezető
courier idegenvezető
nervous ideges
nervy ideges
shirty ideges
uptight ideges
peeve idegesít
exasperating idegesítő
nerves idegesség
nervousness idegesség
vapours idegesség
neuralgia idegfájdalom
neuralgic idegfájós
neurologist idegorvos
crackup idegösszeroppanás
neurosurgery idegsebészet
neurasthenia ideggyengeség
neurology ideggyógyászat
neurological ideggyógyászati
neuritis ideggyulladás
oyes idehallgassatok!
interim ideiglenes
provisional ideiglenes
temporary ideiglenes
provisionally ideiglenesen
temporarily ideiglenesen
outdated idejétmúlt
ideology ideológia
ideological ideológiai
ideologist ideológus
ungainly idétlen
cite idéz
citation idézés
subpoena idézés
writ idézés
quotation idézet
subpoened idézett
quotable idézhető
quote idézni
apostrophe idézőjel
idyl idill
idyll idill
idyllic idillikus
idiot idióta
moron idióta
dressage idomítás
time idő
weather idő
weathered időette
stonewalling időhúzás
temporization időhúzás
weather időjárás
weathered időjárásette
timepiece időjelző
interval időköz
horology időmérés
metrical időmértékes
elderly idős
sen. idősb.
elder idősebb
musior idősebb
primus idősebb
period időszak
term időszak
periodical időszaki
seasonal időszaki
periodic időszakos
periodically időszakosan
periodicity időszakosság
timeslice időszelet
opportune időszerű
seasonable időszerű
timely időszerű
timeliness időszerűség
inopportune időszerűtlen
timeless időszerűtlen
unseasonable időszerűtlen
untimely időszerűtlen
duration időtartam
immemorial időtlen
timeless időtlen
pastime időtöltés
timeout időtúllépés
sojourn időzés
timing időzítés
timed időzített
timer időzítő
chronic idült
jr. ifj.
sr. ifj.
junior ifjabb
youngster ifjú
dobbin igásló
possibly? igazán?
administer igazgat
director igazgató
provost igazgató
rector igazgató
managerial igazgatói
directress igazgatónő
diractorship igazgatóság
directorate igazgatóság
managership igazgatóság
equitable igazgságos
authentic igazi
pukka igazi
aligns igazítások
veraciousness igazmondás
veracity igazmondás
veracious igazmondó
certify igazol
justify igazol
justification igazolás
unjustified igazolatlan
certifiable igazolható
justifiable igazolható
supportable igazolható
justificatory igazoló
certified igazolt
justified igazolt
certificate igazolvány
justice igazság
truth igazság
verity igazság
verities igazságok
rightful igazságos
judicature igazságszolgáltatás
unjust igazságtalan
wrongful igazságtalan
unfairness igazságtalanság
wrongdoing igazságtalanság
verb ige
aye igen
yeah igen
yes igen
participial igenévi
affirmative igenlő
claim igény
directive igény
require igényel
requires igényel
required igényelt
demanding igényes
claimant igénylő
pretender igénylő
unambitious igénytelen
unassuming igénytelen
undemanding igénytelen
conjugation igeragozás
promise igéret
assurance ígéret
promising igéretes
promissory ígérő
hence így
so így
sic így!
striven igyekezett
strove igyekezett
hasten igyekszik
strive igyekszik
undrinkable ihatatlan
drinkable iható
potable iható
visioned ihletett
bow íj
archer íjász
bowman íjász
archery íjazás
frightened ijedt
scared ijedt
frightening ijesztő
scary ijesztő
bowstring íjhúr
geminate iker
twin iker
spawn ikra
spawner ikrás
spawned ikrázik
twins ikrek
filing iktatás
resp. ill.
fragrance illat
odor illat
odour illat
scent illat
fragrant illatos
odorous illatos
redolent illatos
scented illatos
embalm illatosít
sachet illatosító
scented illatosított
redolence illatosság
perfumier illatszerárus
perfumery illatszerbolt
agglutinate ille
decent illedelmes
decorous illedelmes
mannered illedelmes
volatile illékony
volatility illékonyság
decency illem
decorum illem
propriety illem
proprieties illemszabályok
seemly illendő
duly illendően
seemliness illendőség
fitted illeszt
adapter illesztő
adaptor illesztő
dues illeték
incompetent illetéktelen
unwarranted illetéktelen
incompetence illetéktelenség
incompetency illetéktelenség
indecorous illetlen
indelicate illetlen
uncomely illetlen
indelicacy illetlenséb
impropriety illetlenség
misbehave illetlenül
stipend illetmény
regarding illetően
concerning illetőleg
respectively illetőleg
respectivelly illetőleg
befit illik
befitting illő
seemly illő
illustrated illusztrált
illusion illúzió
thusness ilyenség
suchlike ilyesféle
prayer ima
adore imád
adoration imádat
worship imádat
pray imádkozik
worshipper imádó
tabernacle imaház
lo íme
immunization immunizálás
imperialist imperialista
imperialistic imperialista
imperialism imperializmus
importable importálható
imported importált
importer importőr
impotence impotencia
impotent impotens
imposing impozáns
redoubtable impozáns
impulse impulzus
sinew ín
tendon ín
sinewy inas
valet inas
incident incidens
quizzical incselkedő
dep. ind.
clasper inda
stalk inda
stolon inda
tendril inda
subscript index
india india
indian indiai
redskin indián
indigo indigó
launch indít
inducement indítás
launching indítás
motive indíték
starter indító
reason indok
motivation indokolás
causeless indokolatlan
unprovoked indokolatlan
unduly indokolatlanul
inductive induktív
departure indulás
start indulás
starting indulás
interjection indulatszó
started indult
inflation infláció
inflationary inflációs
flu influenza
influenza influenza
info információ
information információ
informer informátor
infusion infúzió
shirt ing
pendulum inga
fluctuation ingadozás
fluctuate ingadozik
waver ingadozik
wavering ingadozó
shirting inganyag
fickle ingatag
instability ingatagság
realty ingatlan
realtor ingatlanügynök
shirtwaist ingblúz
stimulus inger
stimuli ingerek
excitable ingerlékeny
irascoble ingerlékeny
irritable ingerlékeny
petulant ingerlékeny
testy ingerlékeny
tetchy ingerlékeny
testily ingerlékenyen
excitability ingerlékenység
irritability ingerlékenység
irritableness ingerlékenység
testiness ingerlékenység
chaff ingerlés
excitation ingerlés
irritation ingerlés
petulance ingerültség
personalty ingóság
movables ingóságok
personalty ingóságok
morass ingovány
quagmire ingovány
shirtless ingtelen
buckshee ingyen
gratis ingyen
gratuitous ingyenes
inhaler inhalálókészülék
initialize iniciál
initializes iniciál
initializing inicializálás
initialized iniciált
lief inkább
preferably inkább
rather inkább
encash inkasszál
incognito inkognitó
incubator inkubátor
indigence ínség
indigent ínséges
installs installál
inlay intarzia
marquetry intarzia
integrated integrált
intensity intenzitás
intensive intenzív
intercontinental interkontinentális
internment internálás
intern internált
internee internált
arrange intéz
manage intéz
establishment intézmény
institute intézmény
institution intézmény
exhortatory intő
intravenous intravénás
intuitive intuitiv
invasion invázió
insulin inzulin
gum íny
epicure ínyenc
gourmand ínyenc
gourmet ínyenc
tidbit ínyencfalat
titbit ínyencfalat
palatal ínyhang
postpalatal ínyhang
velar ínyhang
ion ion
ionize ionizál
ionosphere ionoszféra
industry ipar
manufactures iparcikkek
industrial ipari
tycoon iparmágnás
industrialist iparos
industrialize iparosít
write ír
writes ír
scamper iramodik
deals irány
direction irány
normative irányadó
govern irányít
wend irányít
governance irányítás
amenable irányítható
arbiter irányító
governing irányító
postcode irányítószám
zipcode irányítószám
trafficator irányjelző
oriented irányult
veer irányváltozás
tendency irányzat
trend irányzat
tends irányzatok
tendentious irányzatos
sighter irányzék
writing írás
punctuate írásjelez
illiterate írástudatlan
unlettered írástudatlan
unwritten íratlan
portfolio irattartó
merciful irgalmas
merciless irgalmatlan
mercy irgalom
pelt irha
envious irigy
jaundiced irigy
begrude irigyel
envy irigység
jaundice irigység
scribbling irkafirka
copybook irkafüzet
amanuensis írnok
scribe írnok
scrivener írnok
clerical írnoki
scribal írnoki
amanuenses írnokok
penman író
stylist író
writer író
desk íróasztal
bureau iroda
literary irodalmi
literature irodalom
typewriter írógép
foolscap írólap
authoress írónő
surd irracionális
douche irrigátor
wrote írt
extirpator írtó
repulsion irtózás
aversion írtózás
sciatica isiász
school iskola
scholastic iskolai
headmaster iskolaigazgató
headmistress iskolaigazgatónő
schools iskolák
playtime iskolaszünet
blackboard iskolatábla
satchel iskolatáska
schooling iskolázás
unschooled iskolázatlan
knowledge ismeret
epistemology ismeretelmélet
faceless ismeretlen
unbeknown ismeretlen
unfamilar ismeretlen
unidentified ismeretlen
unknown ismeretlen
unbeknownst ismeretlenül
acquaintenance ismeretség
cyclopaedia ismerettár
friends ismerkedés
known ismert
exposé ismertetés
earmark ismertetőjel
shibboleth ismertetőjel
criterion ismérv
repeat ismétel
retries ismétel
retry ismétel
iterate ismételget
reiterate ismételget
iteration ismételgetés
reiteration ismételgetés
repeated ismételt
repeatedly ismételten
rehearsal ismétlés
repetition ismétlés
rote ismétlés
repeater ismétlő
repeating ismétlő
iterative ismétlődő
recurrent ismétlődő
repeating ismétlődő
repetitive ismétlődő
byre istálló
stable istálló
stabling istállózás
god isten
godly istenes
godfearing istenfélő
theist istenhívő
divine isteni
godlike isteni
deify istenít
defication istenítés
blasphemy istenkáromlás
blasphemous istenkáromló
goddess istennő
deity istenség
divinity istenség
godhead istenség
godless istentelen
impious istentelen
ungodly istentelen
unhallowed istentelen
unholy istentelen
godlessness istentelenség
impieti istentelenség
blasted istenver
dashed istenverte
doggone istenverte
bibulous iszákos
drinker iszákos
drunkard iszákos
guzzler iszákos
sot iszákos
tippler iszákos
toper iszákos
dipsomania iszákosság
tippling iszákosság
silt iszap
slime iszap
slimy iszapos
muddiness iszaposság
sliminess iszaposság
carouse iszik
drank iszik
tipple iszik
tope iszik
abhorrent iszonyatos
horrendous iszonyú
beverage ital
drink ital
drinkables italféleségek
blotter itatós
arbitration itélet
adjudication ítélet
judgement ítélet
judgment ítélet
executioner ítéletvégrehajtó
here itt
drunken ittas
tipsy ittas
arc ív
brood ivadék
scion ivadék
gonad ivarmirigy
spay ivartalanít
drinking ivás
potation ivás
libation ivászat
cove ívboltozat
folio ívlap
flavor íz
flavour íz
relish íz
smack íz
taste íz
thingamy izé
thingumabob izé
thingumbob izé
thingummy izé
savory ízes
savoury ízes
aromatize ízesít
relish ízesít
flavoring ízesítés
flavouring ízesítés
flavorless ízetlen
flavourless ízetlen
insipid ízetlen
savorless ízetlen
savourless ízetlen
tasteless ízetlen
vapid ízetlen
vapidity ízetlenség
vapidness ízetlenség
rambunctious izgága
thrilling izgalmas
excitement izgalom
flap izgalom
fluster izgalom
furor izgalom
furore izgalom
tizzy izgalom
trepidation izgalom
excite izgat
irritate izgat
exciting izgató
irritant izgató
irritating izgató
stirring izgató
stimulant izgatószer
agitated izgatott
agog izgatott
hectic izgatott
jumpy izgatott
agog izgatottan
fret izgatottság
jumpiness izgatottság
perturbation izgatottság
iceland izland
gustatory ízlelő
gusto ízlés
vertu ízlés
aesthetical ízléses
dainty ízléses
choicely izlésesen
tastelessness ízléstelenség
delicious ízletes
palatable ízletes
savory ízletes
savoury ízletes
tasteful ízletes
tasty ízletes
toothsome ízletes
savoriness ízletesség
savouriness ízletesség
thews izmok
beefy izmos
hefty izmos
muscularity izmosság
ism izmus
muscle izom
muscular izom
myalgia izomfájás
myocarditis izomgyulladás
crick izomrándulás
taenia izomszalag
sinews izomzat
isotope izotóp
israel izrael
joint ízület
synovia ízületnedv
exude izzad
perspire izzad
sweat izzad
sudation izzadás
sweating izzadás
exudation izzadság
perspiration izzadság
sweaty izzadt
glow izzás
sudatory izzasztó
sudorific izzasztó
glowing izzó
incandescent izzó
hyssop izsóp
hyacinth jácint
jaguar jaguár
ouch jaj!
wail jajgat
wailing jajgatás
yak jak
pious jámbor
spiv jampec
hobnail jancsiszeg
jan. január
january január
jap japán
japan japán
japanese japán
nippon japán
japanese japáni
inexpert járatlan
unacquainted járatlan
untrodden járatlan
unversed járatlan
conversant járatos
pathway járda
pavement járda
sidewalk járda
nearside járdafelőli
flagstone járdalap
kerb járdaszegély
refuge járdasziget
impassable járhatatlan
peripatetic járkáló
vehicle jármű
outpatient járóbeteg
playpen járóka
yoke járom
zygoma járomcsont
patrol járőr
versed jártas
epidemic járvány
manger jászol
yataghan jatagán
game játék
toy játék
toyshop játékbolt
chukker játékidő
dice játékkocka
teddybear játékmackó
games játékok
gambler játékos
gamesome játékos
kittenish játékos
player játékos
playful játékos
playfulness játékosság
plaything játékszer
quizmaster játékvezető
ref játékvezető
umpire játékvezető
playing játszás
play játszik
playsuit játszóruha
playfellow játszótárs
playmate játszótárs
playground játszótér
suggestion javaslat
proposer javaslattevő
propound javasol
suggest javasol
suggested javasolt
betterment javítás
correction javítás
reparation javítás
retouch javítgatás
incorrigible javíthatatlan
corrigible javítható
mender javító
corrected javított
eland jávorantilop
elk jávorszarvas
moose jávorszarvas
betterment javulás
melioration javulás
mending javuló
jasmine jázmin
gee jé!
ice jég
iced jégbehűtött
icepick jégcsákány
icicle jégcsap
icy jeges
iceman jegesember
hail jégeső
hailstone jégesőcsepp
iceberg jéghegy
igloo jégkunyhó
kingfisher jégmadár
icefield jégmező
icerink jégpálya
icecap jégtakaró
defrost jégtelenít
demist jégtelenít
defroster jégtelenítő
demister jégtelenítő
icepack jégtorlasz
icebreaker jégtörő
hailstorm jégzivatar
ticket jegy
betrothed jegyes
issuance jegykiadás
usher jegyszedő
usherette jegyszedőnő
docket jegyzék
jottings jegyzet
note jegyzet
jottings jegyzetek
notes jegyzetek
notepad jegyzettömb
notary jegyző
minutes jegyzőkönyv
yahoo jehu
mark jel
sign jel
symbol jel
beck jeladás
signaling jeladás
semiology jelbeszéd
characters jelek
chars jelek
symbols jelek
currently jelenleg
present jelenlegi
presence jelenlét
phenomena jelenség
phenomenon jelenség
connote jelent
mean jelent
reports jelent
signify jelent
inconsiderable jelentéktelen
insignificant jelentéktelen
irrelevant jelentéktelen
petty jelentéktelen
trival jelentéktelen
venial jelentéktelen
futility jelentéktelenség
insignificance jelentéktelenség
irrelevance jelentéktelenség
slightness jelentéktelenség
triviality jelentéktelenség
unimportance jelentéktelenség
meaning jelentés
purport jelentés
report jelentés
reporting jelentés
signification jelentés
semantics jelentéstan
semasiology jelentéstan
semantic jelentéstani
meant jelentett
reported jelentett
appreciable jelentős
notable jelentős
significant jelentős
significance jelentőség
appreciably jelentősen
significantly jelentősen
indicate jelez
indicates jelez
sgd. jelezve
motto jelige
icon jelkép
symbol jelkép
icons jelképek
allegorical jelképes
emblematic jelképes
figurative jelképes
symbolic jelképes
symbolical jelképes
token jelképes
symbolically jelképesen
symbolism jelképrendszer
character jelleg
pronounced jellegzetes
representative jellegzetes
specific jellegzetes
typical jellegzetes
trait jellegzetesség
characterize jellemez
typify jellemez
characterless jellemtelen
characteristics jellemző
attribtes jellemzők
slogan jelmondat
nonentity jelntéktelen
denote jelöl
nominate jelöl
nomination jelölés
notation jelölés
uncheck jelöletlen
unmarked jelöletlen
candidate jelölt
nominee jelölt
countersign jelszó
password jelszó
watchword jelszó
badge jelvény
insignia jelvény
mortgage jelzálog
indication jelzés
marking jelzés
signal jelzés
signalling jelzés
indicated jelzett
marked jelzett
epithet jelző
indicator jelző
marker jelző
flare jelzőfény
flags jelzők
signalman jelzőőr
indices jelzőszám
beacon jelzőtűz
yen jen
yankee jenki
yankeedom jenkik
eugene jenő
pullet jérce
jesus jézus
yiddish jiddis
good jó
benignity jóakarat
friendliness jóakarat
betta jobb
better jobb
serf jobbágy
villein jobbágy
serfdom jobbágyság
villeinage jobbágyság
amend jobbít
dextrous jobbkezes
starboard jobboldal
rightist jobboldali
rightwards jobbra
iodine jód
yodel jódli
yodelling jódlizás
euphoria jóérzés
yoga jóga
scepter jogar
sceptre jogar
jurist jogász
templar jogász
royalty jogdíj
waiver jogfeladás
disfrancishement jogfosztás
yoghourt joghurt
yoghurt joghurt
yogurt joghurt
yogi jógi
rights jogok
lawful jogos
legal jogos
rightly jogosan
justness jogosság
unauthorized jogosulatlan
authorized jogosult
authority jogosultság
lawless jogtalan
illegality jogtalanság
counselor jogtanácsos
fiscal jogtanácsos
jurisprudence jogtudomány
successor jogutód
euphony jóhangzás
confiding jóhiszemű
benevolence jóindulat
benevolent jóindulatú
blithe jókedvű
bonnie jóképű
betimes jókor
sizable jókora
sizeable jókora
nicely jól
well jól
affluence jólét
weal jólét
welfare jólét
bellyful jóllakott
howbeit jóllehet
largely jórészt
diviner jós
prophet jós
soothsayer jós
goodness jóság
benignant jóságos
forecast jóslás
soothsaying jóslás
oracle jóslat
prophecy jóslat
predictive jósló
prophetic jósló
prophetess jósnő
sibyl jósnő
soothsayer jósnő
bode jósol
prophesy jósol
forecasted jósolt
warrant jótállás
warrantor jótálló
beneficent jótékony
charitable jótékony
beneficence jótékonyság
charity jótékonyság
eleemosynary jótékonysági
benefaction jótett
benefactor jótevő
jot jottányi
joule joule
approve jóváhagy
approval jóváhagyás
ratification jóváhagyás
ratified jóváhagyott
irredeemable jóvátehetetlen
condone jóvátesz
reparations jóvátétel
sane józan
sober józan
soberness józanság
sobriety józanság
come jön
comes jön
came jöttem
earning jövedelem
income jövedelem
taking jövedelem
gainfully jövedelmező
profitable jövedelmező
futurity jövendő
augury jövendölés
divination jövendölés
prediction jövendölés
prognostic jövendölés
augur jövendőmondó
newcomer jövevény
future jövő
futurology jövőkutatás
yugoslavia jugoszlávia
sheep juh
maple juhar
maple juharfa
yucca jukka
jul. júl.
july július
jun. jún.
june június
jove jupiter
jupiter jupiter
jute juta
dues jutalék
meed jutalom
reward jutalom
judy jutka
impart juttat
assignment juttatás
kayo k.o.
gagman kabarészerző
coat kabát
cable kábel
culvert kábelcsatorna
cables kábelek
companionway kabinlépcső
narcotize kábít
dope kábítószer
drugs kábítószer
mescaline kábítószer
narcotics kábítószerek
daze kábulat
stupor kábulat
torpor kábulat
comatose kábult
dopey kábult
narcosis kábultság
coquettish kacér
flirt kacér
coquetry kacérkodás
coquet kacérkodik
duck kacsa
waddle kacsázás
leer kacsintás
tub kád
vat kád
cooper kádár
hooper kádár
cadenza kadencia
cadre káder
kaffir kaffer
conch kagyló
mussel kagyló
shell kagyló
cowrie kagylópénz
shelled kagylós
ate kaja
chow kaja
kayak kajak
canoening kajakozás
malicious kaján
sardonic kaján
apricot kajszibarack
bulrush káka
cockatoo kakadu
cacao kakaó
cocoa kakaó
chanticleer kakas
rooster kakas
cactus kaktusz
cuckoo kakukk
thyme kakukkfű
thymol kakukkfűolaj
ruction kalamajka
adventure kaland
adventurer kalandor
adventurous kalandos
roving kalandozás
discursive kalandozó
hat kalap
hammer kalapács
malleus kalapácscsont
hatted kalapos
hatter kalapos
bandbox kalaptartó
spikelet kalászka
pilotage kalauzolás
piloting kalauzolás
calcium kálcium
kaleidoscope kaleidoszkóp
caliber kaliber
calibre kaliber
california kalifornia
cage kalitka
potassium kálium
calorie kalória
corsair kalóz
pirate kalóz
piracy kalózkodás
piratical kalózkodó
brigantine kalózvitorlás
stove kályha
chamberlain kamarás
adolescent kamasz
adolescent kamaszkorú
camphor kámfor
camomile kamilla
truckdriver kamionsofőr
campaign kampány
hook kampó
hooked kampós
larder kamra
canada kanada
canadian kanadai
spoon kanál
drains kanális
settee kanapé
canary kanárimadár
canasta kanaszta
mare kanca
chancery kancellária
squint kancsalság
strabismus kancsalság
flagon kancsó
jug kancsó
stoup kancsó
fireplace kandalló
hearth kandalló
mantel kandallópárkány
mantelpiece kandallópárkány
fireside kandallósarok
primrose kankalin
primula kankalin
kettle kanna
cannibal kannibál
wick kanóc
prebendary kanonok
bridle kantár
canteen kantin
bend kanyar
meandering kanyargó
serpentine kanyargó
devious kanyargós
sinuous kanyargós
sinuosity kanyargósság
measles kanyaró
swerve kanyarodás
meander kanyarog
canyon kanyon
chaos káosz
hack kapa
hoe kapa
scraping kaparás
scrapings kaparék
scrape kaparni
scraper kaparó
gets kapás
prehensile kapaszkodó
switch kapcsol
affiliation kapcsolat
concern kapcsolat
conjunction kapcsolat
contact kapcsolat
linkage kapcsolat
parentheses kapcsolat
passages kapcsolat
relationship kapcsolat
connections kapcsolatok
switch kapcsoló
toggle kapcsoló
switches kapcsolók
copula kapcsolószó
clipboard kapcsolótábla
switchboard kapcsolótábla
increased kapcsolt
switching kapcsolt
obtainable kapható
procurable kapható
capitalism kapitalizmus
captain kapitány
capitulate kapitulál
precipitation kapkodás
precipitant kapkodó
brace kapocs
clip kapocs
holdfast kapocs
dill kapor
cabbage káposzta
capon kappan
slaw kápsztasaláta
cachet kapszula
capsule kapszula
prebendal káptalani
hive kaptár
gate kapu
port kapu
doorway kapualj
gateway kapualj
hood kapucni
latchkey kapukulcs
portcullis kapurács
goalie kapus
goalkeeper kapus
acquisitive kapzsi
avaricious kapzsi
covetous kapzsi
grasping kapzsi
rapacious kapzsi
avarice kapzsiság
rapacity kapzsiság
arm kar
damage kár
harm kár
carbine karabély
christmas karácsony
xmas karácsony
yule karácsony
kohlrabi karalábé
corral karám
sheepfold karám
carom karambolbiliárd
caramel karamella
stickjaw karamella
taffy karamella
carat karát
karat karát
karate karate
caravanserai karavánszálló
maintains karbantartás
maintenance karbantartás
upkeep karbantartás
maintained karbantartott
adjuster kárbecslő
carbide karbid
etch karcol
etcher karcoló
gracile karcsú
lank karcsú
slender karcsú
slim karcsú
svelte karcsú
willowy karcsú
slimmer karcsúbb
slimness karcsúság
saber kard
sabre kard
sword kard
swordsman kardforgató
scabbard kardhüvely
cardigan kardigán
gladiolues kardvirág
gladiolus kardvirág
parapet karfa
baluster karfatartó
cauliflower karfiol
damnation kárhozat
perdition kárhozat
roundel karika
caricature] karikatúra
cartoonist karikaturista
flange karima
surplice karing
surpliced karinges
crimson karmazsinvörös
bandmaster karmester
conductor karmester
chorister karnagy
pelmet karnis
valance karnis
picket karó
stake karó
carolina karolina
claw karom
pounce karom
cursing káromkodás
damn káromkodás
profanities káromkodás
swearing káromkodás
blasphleme káromkodik
sware káromkodott
swore káromkodott
baneful káros
damaging káros
armchair karosszék
bodywork karosszéria
armlet karperec
bangle karperec
bracelet karperec
wristlet karperec
upholsterer kárpitos
upholster kárpitoz
upholstery kárpitozás
tapestried kárpitozott
amends kárpótlás
compensation kárpótlás
recompense kárpótlás
compensate kárpótol
countervail kárpótol
careerist karrierista
placeman karrierista
armband karszalag
indemnify kártalanít
indemnification kártalanítás
mischievous kártékony
cartel kartell
indemnity kártérítés
teasel kártol
teazle kártol
carder kártoló
carton kartondoboz
cardboard kartonpapír
pasteboard kartonpapír
card kártya
cards kártyák
gamester kártyás
mush kása
castle kastély
scythe kasza
mow kaszál
mower kaszáló
mowed kaszált
casino kaszinó
yeggmen kasszafúró
caste kaszt
catalog katalógus
catalogue katalógus
dir katalógus
catamaran katamarán
catapult katapult
catastrophe katasztrófa
disaster katasztrófa
catastrophic katasztrófális
category kategória
categories kategóriák
catheter katéter
cauldron katlan
cathode katód
catholic katolikus
soldier katona
warrior katona
military katonai
paramilitary katonai
footlocker katonaláda
soldierly katonás
soldiery katonaság
soldiering katonáskodás
tar kátrány
tarred kátrányos
clicking kattanás
cavalcade kavalkád
stir kavarás
rumpus kavarodás
coffee kávé
percolator kávéfőzőgép
café kávéház
cafő kávéház
cafe kávézó
caviar kaviár
ballast kavics
pebble kavics
scree kavics
gravelly kavicsos
gritty kavicsos
pebbly kavicsos
shingly kavicsos
scree kavicstörmelék
furnace kazán
stoker kazánfűtő
stokehold kazántér
cartridge kazetta
casette kazetta
cassette kazetta
bosom kebel
confidant kebelbarát
catsup kecsap
graceful kecses
gracefully kecsesen
gracefulness kecsesség
goat kecske
goatskin kecskebőr
goatee kecskeszakáll
tues. kedd
tuesday kedd
debonair kedélyes
cheer kedv
zest kedv
cherish kedvel
fancier kedvelő
beloved kedvelt
favourite kedvenc
pet kedvenc
darling kedves
dear kedves
kindly kedves
lovable kedves
loveable kedves
lovely kedves
gentleness kedvesség
loveliness kedvesség
dejected kedvetlen
listless kedvetlen
moody kedvetlen
dejection kedvetlenség
preference kedvezés
preferment kedvezés
preferential kedvezményes
grantee kedvezményezett
transferee kedvezményezett
auspicious kedvező
favorable kedvező
favourable kedvező
propitious kedvező
towardly kedvező
favorably kedvezően
favourably kedvezően
inauspicious kedvezőtlen
inimical kedvezőtlen
unfavorable kedvezőtlen
unfavourable kedvezőtlen
unflattering kedvezőtlen
brush kefe
favor kegy
lenity kegyelem
finisher kegyelemdöfés
sockdolager kegyelemdöfés
minion kegyenc
gracious kegyes
vouchsafe kegyeskedik
barbarous kegyetlen
brutish kegyetlen
cruel kegyetlen
ferocious kegyetlen
unkind kegyetlen
wolfish kegyetlen
barbarity kegyetlenség
brutality kegyetlenség
cruelty kegyetlenség
unjustly kegyetlenül
calyx kehely
chalice kehely
paten kehelytányér
lechery kéjelgés
lecher kéjenc
voluptuary kéjenc
voluptuous kéjes
gloat kéjsóvár
goatish kéjsóvár
lecherous kéjsóvár
lustful kéjvágyó
randy kéjvágyó
blue kék
bluish kékes
aquamarine kékeszöld
bluestocking kékharisnya
biscuit keksz
cookies keksz
merchantable kelendő
salable kelendő
saleable kelendő
trousseau kelengye
pitfall kelepce
snare kelepce
east kelet
eastern keleti
orient keleti
oriental keleti
arose keletkezik
nascent keletkező
wen kelevény
cole kelkáposzta
colewort kelkáposzta
kail kelkáposzta
kale kelkáposzta
must kell
appurtenance kellék
fixture kellék
fixings kellékek
amenity kellem
grace kellem
agreeable kellemes
pleasant kellemes
pleasing kellemes
amenity kellemesség
pleasantness kellemesség
disappointing kellemetlen
noisome kellemetlen
unpleasant kellemetlen
botheration kellemetlenség
nuisance kellemetlenség
unpleasantness kellemetlenség
ought kellene
should kellene
needed kellett
dyer kelmefestő
rising kelő
brooder keltető
hatchery keltető
dateless keltezetlen
undated keltezetlen
spier kém
spy kém
spies kémek
hard kemény
chimney kémény
smokestack kémény
hardwood keményfa
starchy keményített
starch keményítő
billycock keménykalap
hardness keménység
hardtop keménytetős
stinks kémiaóra
espionage kémkedés
spying kémkedés
eyehole kémlelőnyílás
camping kemping
caravan kempingautó
sulphur kén
hemp kender
linnet kenderike
redpoll kenderike
hempseed kendermag
kerchief kendő
sulphureous kénes
sulphurous kénes
unction kenet
unctuous kenetes
unctuousness kenetesség
sulphureted kénezett
sulphuretted kénezett
kangaroo kenguru
stirrup kengyel
lubricate kenni
lubricant kenőanyag
ointment kenőcs
unguent kenőcs
liverwurst kenőmájas
vitriol kénsav
canoe kenu
canoening kenuzás
comfort kényelem
convenience kényelem
ease kényelem
snugness kényelem
comfortable kényelmes
comfy kényelmes
convenient kényelmes
cozy kényelmes
cushy kényelmes
leisured kényelmes
snug kényelmes
handily kényelmesen
commodity kényelmesség
comfortless kényelmetlen
cumbrous kényelmetlen
uncomfortable kényelmetlen
discomfort kényelmetlenség
inconvenience kényelmetlenség
uneasily kényelmetlenül
bread kenyér
loaf kenyércipó
loaves kenyerek
breadwinner kenyérkereső
toaster kenyérpirító
finical kényes
finicky kényes
missish kényeskedő
mollycodle kényeztet
pamper kényeztet
coercion kényszer
cogency kényszer
compulsion kényszer
constraint kényszer
constraints kényszer
duress kényszer
exigency kényszer
wry kényszeredett
constraints kényszerek
dilemma kényszerhelyzet
coerce kényszerít
constrain kényszerít
forces kényszerít
compel kényszeríteni
forced kényszerített
coercive kényszerítő
satrap kényúr
effigy kép
image kép
picture kép
images képek
screen képernyő
screens képernyők
able képes
can képes
capable képes
qualification képesítés
uncertificated képesítetlen
unqualified képesítetlen
certificated képesített
qualified képesített
qualifying képesítő
pictorial képeslap
ability képesség
capability képesség
faculty képesség
capabilities képességek
magazin képesújság
hieroglyph képírás
ideogram képírásjel
ideograph képírásjel
hieroglyphic képírásos
plasticity képlékenység
formula képlet
allegorical képletes
metaphorical képletes
telerecorder képmagnó
videorecorder képmagnó
effigy képmás
hypocrisy képmutatás
dissembler képmutató
hypocrite képmutató
hypocritical képmutató
pharisee képmutató
snuffler képmutató
comics képregény
iconoclasm képrombolás
iconoclast képromboló
pixel képsejt
absurd képtelen
unable képtelen
inability képtelenség
incapability képtelenség
ridiculousness képtelenség
deputize képvisel
plead képvisel
pleaded képviselt
pled képviselt
imagine képzel
fantasy képzelet
imaginary képzeletbeli
visionary képzeletbeli
hypochondria képzelődés
imagination képzelődés
hypochondriac képzelődő
fanned képzelt
mythical képzelt
untrained képzetlen
requests kér
dist. ker.
ceramics kerámia
ceramist keramikus
questio kerdés
query kérdés
question kérdés
problematic kérdéses
questionable kérdéses
ask kérdez
questioner kérdező
inquisitive kérdezősködő
interrogative kérdő
questioning kérdő
questionnaire kérdőív
cortex kéreg
crust kéreg
rind kéreg
mendicancy kéregetés
rotund kerek
round kerek
wheel kerék
hub kerékagy
roundly kereken
wheeling kerekezés
rutty keréknyomos
bicycle kerékpár
velocipede kerékpár
bicylist kerékpáros
cyclist kerékpáros
cycling kerékpározás
felloe keréktalp
sprag keréktámasz
rut kerékvágás
solicit kérelmez
solicitation kérelmezés
please kérem
clapper kereplő
earn keres
find keres
search keres
seek keres
request kérés
requests kérés
finding keresés
quest keresés
searches keresés
searching keresés
finds keresések
earnings kereset
sought keresett
wanted keresett
commerce kereskedelem
commercial kereskedelmi
mercantile kereskedelmi
trading kereskedelmi
mongering kereskedés
merchandise kereskedik
merchant kereskedő
merchantman kereskedő
monger kereskedő
trader kereskedő
tradesman kereskedő
tradespeople kereskedők
finder kereső
searcher kereső
seeker kereső
tracer kereső
crossbar kereszléc
rood kereszt
godmother keresztanya
godfather keresztapa
crosswise keresztbe
crosswise keresztben
sacrum keresztcsont
sacral keresztcsonti
baptismal keresztelési
baptist keresztelő
christening keresztelő
baptistery keresztelőkápolna
christian keresztény
christianity kereszténység
hybridize keresztez
interbreed keresztez
interbred keresztezett
intersection kereszteződés
interbreed kereszteződik
intersect kereszteződik
godson keresztfiú
goddaughter keresztlány
forename keresztnév
crucifixion keresztrefeszítés
baptism keresztség
godparent keresztszülő
crossfire kereszttűz
across keresztül
thro' keresztül
through keresztül
thru keresztül
via keresztül
undergo keresztülmegy
undergone keresztülment
underwent keresztülment
confine keret
frame keret
confines keretek
frames keretek
rimmed keretes
bucksaw keretesfűrész
framing keretezés
unasked kéretlen
uninvited kéretlen
unsolicited kéretlen
unsought kéretlen
unasked kéretlenül
unsoughtly kéretlenül
crusty kérges
incrustation kérgesedés
encrust kérgesít
circulate kering
circulation keringés
circulatory keringési
circulating keringő
valse keringő
waltz keringő
enclosure kerítés
fence kerítés
pander kerítő
procuress kerítő
seine kerítőháló
bawd kerítőnő
procuress kerítőnő
bragging kérkedés
ostentation kérkedés
swashbuckling kérkedés
braggart kérkedő
ostentatious kérkedő
prithee kérlek
inexorable kérlelhetetlen
unrelenting kérlelhetetlen
kerosene kerozin
rumination kérődzés
ruminate kérődzik
ruminant kérődző
garden kert
requested kért
prevaricate kertel
prevarication kertelés
tergiversation kertelés
shuffler kertelő
gardener kertész
horticulture kertészet
horticultural kertészeti
gardening kertészkedés
shun kerül
district kerület
perimeter kerület
township kerület
circumference kerülete
detou kerülőút
applicant kérvényező
knife kés
lag késedelem
tardy késedelmes
knives kések
vulture keselyű
bitter keserű
polygonum keserűfű
bitterness keserűség
gall keserűség
wormwood keserűség
cutler késes
leeway késés
linger késik
narrow keskeny
linger késlekedik
tarry késlekedik
dilatory késlekedő
retard késleltet
delay késleltetés
retardation késleltetés
delayed késletetett
late késő
afterwards később
later későbbi
latter későbbi
belated késői
ready kész
readiness készenlét
standby készenlét
creates készít
makes készít
make készíteni
creating készítés
made készített
resource készlet
stockpiling készletezés
stocker készletező
caisson keszon
cash készpénz
willingly készségesen
gauntlet kesztyű
glove kesztyű
gloves kesztyű
glover kesztyűs
apparatus készülék
appliance készülék
prep készülés
unready készületlen
ketch kétárbócos
blunderer kétbalkezes
ketchup ketchup
dubitation kételkedés
scepticism kételkedés
sceptic kételkedő
sceptical kételkedő
skeptic kételkedő
skeptical kételkedő
amphibian kétéltű
amphibious kétéltű
discredit kétely
ambivalent kétértékű
equivocal kétértelmű
oracular kétértelmű
bifurcation kétfeléágazás
fortnightly kétheti
bidirectional kétirányú
incredulity kétkedés
scepticism kétkedés
unbelief kétkedés
incredulous kétkedő
unbelieving kétkedő
ambidextrous kétkezes
biped kétlábú
hermaphrodite kétnemű
bilingual kétnyelvű
bilateral kétoldalú
tuppenny kétpennys
twopenny kétpennys
bipolar kétpólusú
coop ketrec
hutch ketrec
bipartite kétrétű
doubt kétség
dubiety kétség
despair kétségbeesés
desperation kétségbeesés
dubious kétséges
doubtful kétségesség
doubtfulness kétségesség
admittedly kétségkívül
doubtless kétségtelen
indubitable kétségtelen
uncontested kétségtelen
undoubted kétségtelen
unquestionable kétségtelen
assuredly kétségtelenül
undoubtedly kétségtelenül
twice kétszer
duplex kétszeres
twofold kétszeres
doubly kétszeresen
rusk kétszersült
insincere kétszínű
duplicity kétszínűség
insincerity kétszínűség
disyllabic kétszótagú
binominal kéttagú
bifurcate kettéágazó
split kettéhasított
pairs kettes
dup kettő
twain kettő
two kettő
binary kettős
dual kettős
diphthong kettőshangzó
colon kettőspont
reduplicate kettőz
reduplication kettőzés
ticking ketyegés
stook kévekereszt
mingle kever
mix kever
mingling keveredik
blend keverék
mixture keverék
riffle keverés
mixer keverő
stirrer keverő
impure kevert
mingled kevert
mixed kevert
fewer kevesebb
underhanded kevesen
hand kéz
handstand kézállás
delivery kézbesítés
undelivered kézbesítetlen
initiative kezdeményező
initiatory kezdeményező
originator kezdeményező
promoter kezdeményező
beginning kezdet
commencement kezdet
inception kezdet
onset kezdet
outset kezdet
rudiment kezdet
starts kezdetek
inchoative kezdeti
initial kezdeti
setup kezdetibeállítá
embryonic kezdetleges
inchoate kezdetleges
primitive kezdetleges
rudimentary kezdetleges
primitiveness kezdetlegesség
began kezdett
beginner kezdő
fledgling kezdő
incipient kezdő
lamer kezdő
novice kezdő
begin kezdődik
begins kezdődik
begun kezdődött
hands kezek
handle kezel
handles kezel
treat kezel
wield kezel
treatment kezelés
unmanageable kezelhetetlen
manageable kezelhető
tractability kezelhetőség
manipulator kezelő
cuff kézelő
wristband kézelő
button kezelőgomb
manipulators kezelők
treated kezelt
handstand kézenállás
bailer kezes
bondman kezes
bondsman kezes
guarantor kezes
sponsor kezes
surety kezes
bondmen kezesek
bondsmen kezesek
guaranty kezesség
handshake kézfogás
manual kézi
handset kézibeszélő
handbell kézicsengő
handbrake kézifék
gimlet kézifúró
grenade kézigránát
handcart kézikocsi
handbook kézikönyv
handball kézilabda
handiwork kézimunka
handwork kézimunka
handwriting kézírás
longhand kézírás
manuscript kézirat
script kézírat
scroll kézirattekercs
valise kézitáska
ablution kézmosás
handicraft kézműipar
dexterity kézügyesség
manually kézzel
tangible kézzelfogható
tangibly kézzelfoghatóan
tangibility kézzelfoghatóság
ltd. kft.
configure ki
off ki
who'll ki
who? ki?
holler kiabá
vociferate kiabál
vociferation kiabálás
disabuse kiábrándít
disappoint kiábrándít
disenchant kiábrándít
undeceive kiábrándít
disillusion kiábrándulás
cynical kiábrándult
disillusioned kiábrándult
expend kiad
rent kiad
disbursement kiadás
edition kiadás
issuance kiadás
outgoings kiadás
editions kiadások
outgoings kiadások
extradition kiadatás
unprinted kiadatlan
unpublished kiadatlan
publisher kiadó
pulitzer kiadó
concoct kiagyal
concoction kiagyalás
unhinge kiakaszt
unhook kiakaszt
untapped kiaknázatlan
exploitable kiaknázható
exploiter kiaknázó
configure kialakít
conformation kialakulás
evolved kialakult
jut kiáll
exhibition kiállítás
salon kiállítás
exhibitor kiállító
protruding kiálló
cry kiált
exclaim kiált
shout kiált
exclamation kiáltás
whoop kiáltás
crying kiáltó
exclamatory kiáltó
cried kiáltott
manifesto kiáltvány
proclamation kiáltvány
disinter kiás
disinterred kiás
excavate kiás
disinterment kiásás
conciliate kibékít
pacify kibékít
reconcile kibékít
reconciliation kibékülés
disembowel kibelez
rentable kibérelhető
decipher kibetűz
indecipherable kibetűzhetetlen
undecipherable kibetűzhetetlen
insufferable kibírhatatlan
unbearable kibírhatatlan
unendurable kibírhatatlan
yeomanry kibirtokosság
emit kibocsát
issue kibocsát
issues kibocsát
emission kibocsátás
reissue kibocsátás
unissued kibocsátatlan
issued kibocsátott
disentangle kibogoz
unravel kibogoz
untying kibogoz
untie kibont
looesen kibontani
outcrop kibúvás
loophole kibúvó
bedizen kicicomáz
titivate kicicomáz
elicit kicsal
debauchery kicsapongás
profligacy kicsapongás
debauched kicsapongó
licentious kicsapongó
profligate kicsapongó
rakish kicsapongó
riotous kicsapongó
unbrace kicsatol
unbraced kicsatolt
untwist kicsavar
untwist kicsavarodik
wrung kicsavart
commute kicserél
replace kicserél
replaces kicserél
replacing kicserélés
transposal kicserélés
little kicsi
small kicsi
extort kicsikar
fussy kicsinyes
pettifogging kicsinyes
pettifogging kicsinyeskedő
fussiness kicsinyesség
littleness kicsinység
smallness kicsinység
germination kicsírázás
littleness kicsiség
smallness kicsiség
who's kicsoda
unpack kicsomagol
unwrap kicsomagol
unpacked kicsomagolt
unbone kicsontoz
derision kicsúfolás
ascertain kiderít
unexplored kiderítetlen
detectable kideríthető
emerge kiderül
eject kidob
elaboration kidolgozás
wrought kidolgozott
rubbed kidörzsölt
protuberance kidudorodás
protuberant kidudorodó
extrude kidug
bursting kidurranás
protrusion kidülledés
bulging kidülledt
whose? kié?
integrate kiegészít
ancillary kiegészítő
supplemental kiegészítő
supplementary kiegészítő
cauterize kiéget
unbent kiegyenesedett
unbend kiegyenesedik
straighten kiegyenesít
equalize kiegyenlít
equate kiegyenlít
adjustment kiegyenlítés
equalization kiegyenlítés
compensatory kiegyenlítő
equalizer kiegyenlítő
balancing kiegyensúlyozás
unbalanced kiegyensúlyozatlan
imbalance kiegyensúlyozatlanság
balanced kiegyensúlyozott
accord kiegyezés
compromise kiegyezés
famished kiéhezett
inanition kiéhezettség
pronounce kiejt
enunciation kiejtés
pronunciation kiejtés
phonetic kiejtési
unpronounceable kiejthetetlen
pronounceable kiejthető
gratify kielégít
sate kielégít
satiate kielégít
satisfy kielégít
gratification kielégítés
unappeased kielégítetlen
unsatisfied kielégítetlen
satiable kielégíthető
adequate kielégítő
satisfactory kielégítő
satisfying kielégítő
satisfactorily kielégítően
orgasm kielégülés
satisfaction kielégülés
sated kielégült
satiety kielégültség
emphasize kiemel
eminent kiemelkedő
illustrious kiemelkedő
outstanding kiemelkedő
overriding kiemelkedő
prominent kiemelkedő
surpassingly kiemelkedően
seeded kiemelt
placate kiengesztel
propitiate kiengesztel
propitiation kiengesztelés
expiatory kiengesztelő
configuration kiépítés
exaction kierőszakolás
extortion kierőszakolás
enforced kierőszakolt
forcible kierőszakolt
evaluate kiértékel
evaluation kiértékelés
spilt kiesett
devise kieszel
gruel kifáraszt
divulge kifecseg
divulgation kifecsegés
expression kifejezés
expressions kifejezések
phraseology kifejezésmód
expressionless kifejezéstelen
unvoiced kifejezetlen
explicit kifejezett
professed kifejezett
expressly kifejezetten
expressible kifejezhető
expressive kifejező
evolve kifejleszt
dénouement kifejlet
evolution kifejlődés
outward kifelé
outwards kifelé
brighten kifényesít
distend kifeszít
pried kifeszített
dislocate kificamít
subtilize kifinomít
defray kifizet
disburse kifizet
acquittance kifizetés
unpaid kifizetetlen
remunerative kifizetődő
rewarding kifizetődő
crescent kifli
unharness kifog
exception kifogás
objection kifogás
plea kifogás
pretension kifogás
remonstrance kifogás
stricture kifogás
disapprove kifogásol
remonstrate kifogásol
remonstrance kifogásolás
exceptionable kifogásolható
objectionable kifogásolható
substandard kifogásolható
shipshape kifogástalan
unexceptionable kifogástalan
unimpeachable kifogástalan
unobjectionable kifogástalan
shipshape kifogástalanul
unobjectionably kifogástalanul
unfailing kifogyhatatlan
effluence kifolyás
outfall kifolyás
outflow kifolyás
spout kifolyó
spout kifolyócső
foray kifoszt
winded kifulladt
linkman kifutófiú
airstrip kifutópálya
runway kifutópálya
unfathomable kifürkészhetetlen
catcall kifütyül
unlace kifűz
unthread kifűz
blackball kigolyóz
unbutton kigombol
conceive kigondol
excogitate kigondol
unroll kigöngyöl
deride kigúnyol
flout kigúnyol
jibe kigúnyol
satirize kigúnyol
taunt kigúnyol
mockery kigúnyolás
persiflage kigúnyolás
serpent kígyó
snake kígyó
snakeskin kígyóbőr
snaky kígyószerű
elide kihagy
ellipsis kihagyás
omission kihagyás
extinction kihalás
interrogate kihallgat
audience kihallgatás
defunct kihalt
extinct kihalt
shelling kihámozás
accentuation kihangsúlyozás
impact kihatás
bowdlerize kiherél
emasculate kiherél
unman kiherél
castration kiherélés
emasculation kiherélés
castrate kiherélt
gelding kiherélt
embroider kihímez
proclaim kihirdet
promulgate kihirdet
declare kihírdet
annunciation kihirdetés
promulgation kihirdetés
challenge kihívás
defiance kihívás
challenger kihívó
challenging kihívó
provocative kihívó
provoking kihívó
unplug kihúz
scratch kiindulóhelyzet
based kiindulópontul
printout kiírás
eradicate kiirt
eradication kiirtás
ineradicable kiirthatatlan
transpire kiizzad
exit kijárat
evasion kijátszás
circumvent kijátszik
recondition kijavít
refit kijavítás
reparation kijavítás
reparable kijavítható
enunciate kijelent
profess kijelent
displayable kijelezhető
appoint kijelöl
designate kijelöl
designation kijelölés
designator kijelölő
assigned kijelölt
designed kijelölve
displaying kijelzés
indicating kijelzés
displayed kijelzett
display kijelző
indicator kijelző
disengagement kikapcsolódás
recreation kikapcsolódás
relaxation kikapcsolódás
deactivate kikapcsolt
starched kikeményített
enforce kikényszerít
enforcement kikényszerítés
catechize kikérdezés
debriefing kikérdezés
interrogation kikérdezés
lookup kikeresés
expel kikerget
dished kikészült
crier kikiáltó
incubate kikölt
incubation kiköltés
mooring kikötés
stipulation kikötés
harbor kikötő
harbour kikötő
moorings kikötőhely
longshoreman kikötőimunkás
longshoreman kikötőmunkás
educe kikövetkeztet
deducible kikövetkeztethető
pave kikövez
pitched kikövezett
excommunicate kiközösít
ostracize kiközösít
excommunication kiközösítés
ostracism kiközösítés
outcaste kiközösített
explore kikutat
exploration kikutatás
delegate kiküldött
eliminate kiküszöböl
elimination kiküszöbölés
evict kilakoltat
eviction kilakoltatás
outlook kilátás
prospect kilátás
vista kilátás
expectations kilátások
gazebo kilátó
exhalation kilégzés
exhale kilehel
nine kilenc
ninth kilencedik
ninety kilencven
ninetieth kilencvenedik
nonagenarian kilencvenéves
ninefold kilencszeres
exits kilépések
secessionist kilépő
ratchet kilicsmű
pawl kilincs
kilo kiló
kilocycle kilociklus
kilogramme kilogramm
kilometer kilométer
kilometre kilométer
mileometer kilométeróra
milometer kilométeróra
slopped kilottyantott
kilowatt kilowatt
extrusion kilökés
ejection kilövellés
spirt kilövellés
spurt kilövellés
punching kilyukasztás
supereminent kimagasló
surpassing kimagasló
prominently kimagaslóan
stoned kimagozott
dropout kimaradás
onput kimenet
output kimenet
outputs kimenetek
outputting kimentés
unexhausted kimerítetlen
inexhaustible kimeríthetetlen
unexhaustible kimeríthetetlen
exhaustive kimerítő
gruelling kimerítő
measured kimért
offish kimért
done kimerült
jiggered kimerült
overwrought kimerült
ennunciate kimond
pronounce kimond
utter kimond
unexpressed kimondatlan
ineffable kimondhatatlan
inexpressible kimondhatatlan
unmentionable kimondhatatlan
unspeakable kimondhatatlan
unutterable kimondhatatlan
speakable kimondható
kimono kimonó
dislodge kimozdít
demonstrate kimutat
anguish kín
chinese kínai
bade kínál
bidden kínált
jewel kincs
treasure kincs
treasury kincstár
treasurer kincstáros
kinetics kinetika
quinine kinin
agonize kínlódik
out kinn
embarassing kínos
untoward kínos
afflict kínoz
crucify kínoz
tantalize kínoz
outgrow kinő
outgrew kinőtt
excrescence kinövés
outgrowth kinövés
outdoor kint
outdoors kinti
racking kínzó
tantalizing kínzó
tormenter kínzó
torturer kínzó
revelation kinyilatkoztatás
unbar kinyit
unbolt kinyit
unclose kinyit
unlatch kinyit
unbolted kinyitott
unclosed kinyitott
untraceable kinyomozhatatlan
traceable kinyomozható
tracker kinyomozó
unprintable kinyomtathatatlan
protrude kinyújt
stretch kinyújt
disgorge kiokád
regurgitate kiokád
spew kiokád
unbind kiold
unfasten kioldoz
unloose kioldoz
unbound kioldozott
scissor kiollóz
inextinguishable kiolthatatlan
effuse kiont
allocate kioszt
allot kioszt
dispense kioszt
distribute kioszt
allocation kiosztás
allotment kiosztás
unallotted kiosztatlan
distributed kiosztott
irrigate kiöblít
effluent kiömlő
spill kiönt
spilled kiöntött
moorage kiötőhely
transpiration kipárolgás
revamp kipofoz
recoup kipótol
untested kipróbálatlan
untried kipróbálatlan
trier kipróbáló
tried kipróbált
exhaust kipufogás
despoil kirabol
hijack kirabol
discharge kirakás
unload kirakodik
unladen kirakott
king király
regicide királygyilkos
regicide királygyilkosság
kinglike királyi
regal királyi
royal királyi
queen királynő
queenly királynői
monarchist királypárti
royalist királypárti
royalism királypártiság
kingdom királyság
kinghood királyság
kingship királyság
excursion kirándulás
hike kirándulás
hiking kirándulás
jaunt kirándulás
junket kirándulás
outing kirándulás
trip kirándulás
excursionist kiránduló
picnicker kiránduló
tripped kirándult
outburst kirobbanás
kickoff kirúgás
tot kis
expropriate kisajátít
monopolize kisajátít
appropriation kisajátítás
expropriation kisajátítás
missy kisasszony
ms. kisasszony
minicar kisautó
babe kisbaba
dolly kisbaba
owlet kisbagoly
lambkin kisbárány
franklin kisbirtokos
minibus kisbusz
kitty kiscica
chick kiscsaj
packet kiscsomag
tabor kisdob
less kisebb
lesser kisebb
minor kisebb
smaller kisebb
diminish kisebbít
minuend kisebbitendő
minority kisebbség
auxiliary kisegítő
unhouse kisemmiz
accompany kísér
entourage kíséret
retinue kíséret
suite kíséret
attempt kísérlet
experiment kísérlet
trial kísérlet
attempts kísérletek
attempting kísérletezés
experimentation kísérletezés
tentative kisérleti
experimental kísérleti
escort kisérni
accompanist kísérő
follower kísérő
haunting kísérő
outrider kísérő
tempt kísért
temptation kísértés
apparition kísértet
bogey kísértet
specter kísértet
wraith kísértet
spectral kísérteti
ghostly kísérteties
spectral kísérteties
ghastliness kísértetiesség
tempter kísértő
crofter kisgazda
yeoman kisgazda
pusillanmous kishitű
defeatism kishitűség
pusillanimity kishitűség
derailment kisiklás
derail kisiklik
artisan kisiparos
duckling kiskacsa
noggin kiskancsó
postern kiskapu
retail kiskereskedelem
retailer kiskereskedő
oligarch kiskirály
oligarchial kiskirályi
oligarchy kiskirályság
underage kiskorú
nonage kiskorúság
pupilage kiskorúság
pupillage kiskorúság
maisonette kislakás
maisonnette kislakás
sissy kislány
gosling kisliba
kitten kismacska
piglet kismalac
umpteen kismillió
statuette kisplasztika
pannikin kispohár
novelette kisregény
emanate kisugároz
emanation kisugárzás
eradiation kisugárzás
cabaret kisvendéglő
extricate kiszabadít
extrication kiszabadítás
imposition kiszabás
levy kiszabni
uproot kiszakít
debus kiszáll
calculate kiszámít
compute kiszámít
reckon kiszámítani
calculation kiszámítás
computation kiszámítás
imponderable kiszámíthatatlan
incalculable kiszámíthatatlan
unpredictable kiszámíthatatlan
calculable kiszámítható
computability kiszámíthatóság
calculated kiszámított
computed kiszámított
desiccate kiszárít
desiccation kiszárítás
typeset kiszed
widening kiszélesedés
flared kiszélesedő
cull kiszemel
prepacked kiszerelt
serves kiszolgál
servers kiszolgálók
attendants kiszolgálószemély
extradite kiszolgáltat
supplant kiszorít
supplanter kiszorító
tabouret kisszék
whom? kit?
whorn? kit?
disinherit kitagad
dilate kitágul
widen kitágul
dilatation kitágulás
dilation kitágulás
uncover kitakar
feigned kitalált
fictitious kitalált
impalpable kitapinthatatla
palpate kitapogat
trodden kitaposott
persevere kitart
persists kitart
perseverance kitartás
loyalist kitartó
persevering kitartó
persistent kitartó
slogger kitartó
castaway kitaszított
outcast kitaszított
shirk kitér
diffract kitérít
outstretched kiterített
extend kiterjed
expanse kiterjedés
extension kiterjedés
expansive kiterjedt
extensive kiterjedt
escalate kiterjeszt
expand kiterjeszt
escalation kiterjesztés
spread kiterjesztés
expanded kiterjesztett
extended kiterjesztett
extensible kiterjeszthető
exploitation kitermelés
evasive kitérő
expose kitesz
exponent kitevő
purge kitisztít
cleanup kitisztítás
purging kitisztítás
fledged kitollasodott
fill kitölt
fills kitölt
wreak kitölt
stuffed kitömött
erupt kitör
ebullition kitörés
eruption kitörés
lunge kitörés
outbreak kitörés
sally kitörés
effacement kitörlés
eruptive kitörő
efface kitöröl
erase kitöröl
expunge kitöröl
extinguish kitöröl
raze kitöröl
indelible kitörölhetetlen
excel kitűnik
excellent kitűnő
exquisite kitűnő
transcendence kitűnőség
transcendency kitűnőség
honours kitüntatés
distinguish kitüntet
honors kitüntetés
projecting kiugró
salient kiugró
recrudesce kiújul
recrudescence kiújulás
recrudescent kiújuló
apportionment kiutalás
wangle kiügyeskedés
evacuate kiürít
vacate kiürít
depletion kiürítés
evacuation kiürítés
vacating kiürítés
exhausted kiürített
deplete kiürül
exhaustion kiürülés
knockout kiütés
rash kiütés
exorcise kiűz
expulsion kiűzés
deforest kivág
hew kivág
excision kivágás
neckline kivágás
cutout kivágott
hewn kivágott
secession kiválás
choose kiválaszt
pick kiválaszt
choosing kiválasztás
excretion kiválasztás
select kiválasztás
selecting kiválasztás
selection kiválasztás
selects kiválasztás
selections kiválasztások
selects kiválasztások
excretory kiválasztó
selectively kiválasztva
secede kiválik
noted kiválló
distinguished kiváló
assort kiválogat
winnow kiválogat
eminence kiválóság
excellence kiválóság
personage kiválóság
prominence kiválóság
prerogative kiváltság
privilege kiváltság
liberties kiváltságok
favoured kiváltságos
privileged kiváltságos
wish kíván
desideratum kívánalom
requisition kívánalom
appetizing kívánatos
desirable kívánatos
preferable kívánatosabb
desirability kívánatosság
curious kíváncsi
gazing kíváncsi
inquisitorial kíváncsi
nosey kíváncsi
nosy kíváncsi
pry kíváncsi
curiosity kíváncsiság
emigration kivándorlás
transmigration kivándorlás
emigrant kivándorló
emigrate kivándorol
wishful kívánó
desired kivánt
garrote kivégzés
garrotte kivégzés
undiscernible kivehetetlen
undistinguishable kivehetetlen
impose kivet
exceptional kivételes
exceptionally kivételesen
favoritism kivételezés
extrapolate kivetít
ejector kivető
barring kivéve
except kivéve
excepting kivéve
without kivéve
unworkable kivihetetlen
lighten kivilágít
unlit kivilágítatlan
illuminator kivilágító
floodlit kivilágított
efflorescent kivirágzó
substract kivon
subtract kivon
substrahend kivonandó
substraction kivonás
subtraction kivonás
digest kivonat
epitome kivonat
excerpt kivonat
extract kivonat
extraction kivonat
pemmican kivonat
extract kivonatol
extracts kivonatol
extracting kivonatolás
extracted kivonatolt
contracted kivonatos
exodus kivonulás
outside kívül
outsider kívülálló
kiwi kiwi
disqualify kizár
exclude kizár
foreclose kizár
disqualification kizárás
excluding kizárás
exclusion kizárás
strangulated kizáródott
solely kizárólag
exclusive kizárólagos
extortionate kizsaroló
eviscerate kizsigerel
clarinet klarinét
groovy klassz
nifty klassz
plush klassz
scrumptious klassz
slashing klassz
spanking klassz
classic klasszikus
classical klasszikus
outclass klassziskülönbség
coterie klikk
faction klikk
clime klíma
menopause klimax
clinical klinikai
clinker klinkertégla
chlorine klór
club klub
clubs klubok
koala koala
crumpet kobak
nob kobak
noddle kobak
cobalt kobalt
leprechaun kobold
errant kóbor
itinerant kóborló
rover kóborló
oakum kóc
sow koca
cube kocka
craps kockajáték
sett kockakő
chequer kockás
gridded kockás
hazard kockázat
risk kockázat
venture kockázat
chancy kockázatos
hazardous kockázatos
risky kockázatos
venturesome kockázatos
wildcat kockázatos
riskiness kockázatosság
jogging kocogás
disheveled kócos
auto kocsi
carriage kocsi
driveway kocsibehajtó
jack kocsiemelő
coachman kocsis
pub kocsma
tavern kocsma
publican kocsmáros
aspic kocsonya
galantine kocsonya
gelatinous kocsonyás
code kód
codex kódex
codes kódok
encode kódol
coding kódolás
encoding kódolás
encoded kódolt
caffeine koffein
trolley kofferkuli
metallurgist kohász
metallurgy kohászat
metallurgical kohászati
figment koholmány
cocaine kokain
charlatan kókler
cocktail koktél
cocktails koktélparti
coco kókusz
coconut kókuszdió
kola kóladió
sausage kolbász
beg koldul
panhandle koldul
mendicant kolduló
beggar koldus
cadger koldus
colleague kolléga
collegaue kollégák
cowbell kolomp
cloister kolostor
monastery kolostor
monastic kolostori
coma kóma
farce komédia
conveniences komfort
comedian komikus
commissar komisszár
commando kommandó
commentary kommentár
earnest komoly
earnestly komolyan
gravely komolyan
seriously komolyan
earnestness komolyság
seriousness komolyság
flippant komolytalan
frivolous komolytalan
flippancy komolytalanság
lowering komor
somber komor
sombre komor
subfusc komor
glumness komorság
ferry komp
supercharger kompresszor
concentrate koncentrál
concentration koncentrálás
concentrated koncentrált
pigman kondás
condenser kondenzátor
compőre konferanszié
confetti konfetti
configurations konfigurációk
configuring konfigurálás
congress kongresszus
booming konjunktúra
concrete konkrét
outlet konnektor
amateurish konok
froward konok
bungler kontár
dabbler kontár
bungling kontárkodó
botch kontármunka
convector konvektor
conventions konvenciók
convoy konvoj
conserve konzerv
canning konzerválás
canned konzervált
conservatism konzervatív
tory konzervatív
toryism konzervativizmus
cannery konzervgyár
cantilever konzol
corbel konzol
consul konzul
consulate konzulátus
brandy konyak
cognac konyak
cuisine konyha
kitchen konyha
kitchenware konyhafelszerelés
kitchener konyhafőnök
culinary konyhai
kailyard konyhakert
gastronomy konyhaművészet
gastronomic konyhaművészeti
cupboard konyhaszekrény
coordination koordináció
coordinate koordináta
coordinates koordináták
leafless kopár
treeless kopár
bald kopasz
hairless kopasz
baldness kopaszság
jackanapes kópé
prankster kópé
knavery kópéság
fasting koplalás
harrier kopó
sleuth kopó
knock kopog
rap kopog
knocking kopogás
rapping kopogás
knocker kopogtató
gill kopoltyú
gilled kopoltyús
brainpan koponya
cranium koponya
skull koponya
cranial koponyai
trepan koponyalékelő
trephine koponyalékelő
phrenology koponyatan
coffin koporsó
shabby kopott
threadbare kopott
worn kopott
shabbiness kopottság
snuffer koppantó
snuffers koppantó
fretted koptatott
epoch kor
era kor
eariler korábbi
earlyer korábbi
precocious koraérett
premature koraérett
precociousness koraérettség
precocity koraérettség
earlier koraibb
earliness koraiság
chorale korál
coral korall
atoll korallzátony
early korán
knout korbács
taws korbács
tawse korbács
flog korbácsol
flagellation korbácsolás
flogging korbácsolás
whipping korbácsolás
flogg korbácsos
cur korcs
mongrel korcs
rink korcsolyapálya
skating korcsolyázás
skate korcsolyázik
skater korcsolyázó
corduroy kordbársony
tumbrel kordé
tumbril kordé
cords kordnadrág
corduroys kordnadrág
cordon kordon
choreography koreográfia
choreographer koreográfus
hospital kórház
objurgation korholás
balustrade korlát
banister korlát
bollard korlát
railing korlát
illimitable korlátlan
limitless korlátlan
stintless korlátlan
unrestricted korlátlan
illiberal korlátolt
limited korlátolt
localize korlátoz
rectrict korlátoz
restrict korlátoz
cutback korlátozás
restriction korlátozás
stint korlátozás
uncurbed korlátozatlan
unrestricted korlátozatlan
restrictive korlátozó
restricted korlátozott
narrowness korlátozottság
cabinet kormány
government kormány
handlebar kormány
rudder kormány
steerage kormányás
steering kormányás
helmsman kormányos
steersman kormányos
administer kormányoz
steer kormányoz
steerage kormányozás
steering kormányozás
steerable kormányozható
helm kormányrúd
governmental kormányzati
governor kormányzó
proconsul kormányzó
regent kormányzó
governorship kormányzóság
regency kormányzóság
regentship kormányzóság
cormorant kormorán
smutty kormos
sooty kormos
smuttiness kormosság
smut korom
soot korom
decarbonize koromtalanít
crown korona
regalia koronaékszerek
coronation koronázás
enthronement koronázás
uncrowned koronázatlan
puck korong
aged koros
pathological kóros
bran korpa
scurf korpa
scurfy korpás
aboveboard korrekt
fair korrekt
correctitude korrektség
correctness korrektség
fairness korrektség
fairly korrektül
corrode korrodál
corrosion korrózió
graft korrupció
mug korsó
pitcher korsó
epoch korszak
era korszak
modernity korszerűség
modernize korszerűsít
update korszerűsít
updating korszerűsítés
updated korszerűsített
ageless kortalan
pathology kórtan
contemporary kortárs
contemporary kortársi
canvass korteskedés
dram korty
mouthful korty
potion korty
sip korty
sipping kortyoló
chorus kórus
ram kos
tup kos
basket kosár
basketball kosárlabda
kosher kóser
taster kóstoló
ramblings kószálás
rambler kószáló
rambling kószáló
wreath koszorú
laureate koszorús
wreathe koszorúz
grimy koszos
cutlet kotlett
meddler kotnyeles
meddlesome kotnyeleskedő
warren kotorék
bagger kotrógép
excavator kotrógép
score kotta
fey kótyagos
cluck kotyogás
smith kovács
farrierry kovácsmesterség
smithy kovácsműhely
flinty kovás
unleavened kovásztalan
beautician kozmetikus
stone kő
cubic köb
stere köbméter
fog köd
mist köd
nebula ködfolt
nebulae ködfoltok
nebular ködfoltos
foglamp ködlámpa
fogey ködös
foggy ködös
misty ködös
nebulous ködös
befog ködösít
mistiness ködösség
nebulosity ködösség
fogbank ködréteg
quarryman kőfejtő
cough köhög
hacking köhögés
blackthorn kökény
sloe kökény
pulsatilla kökörcsin
bilateral kölcsön
borrowing kölcsön
loan kölcsön
interaction kölcsönhatás
interactions kölcsönhatások
mutual kölcsönös
mutuality kölcsönösség
reciprocity kölcsönösség
borrow kölcsönöz
lend kölcsönöz
borrowing kölcsönvétel
borrower kölcsönvevő
correlation kölcsönviszony
correlative kölcsönviszonyos
lending kölcsönzés
lender kölcsönző
lent kölcsönzött
navel köldök
umbilicus köldök
umbilical köldöki
millet köles
spend költ
spending költekezés
spend költekezik
spender költekező
incubation költés
poesy költészet
poetry költészet
poetics költészettan
poet költő
poetic költői
poetical költői
poetess költőnő
migration költözés
migrate költözik
migratory költöző
charge költség
cost költség
expense költség
outlay költség
charges költségek
expenses költségek
outlay költségek
costly költséges
expensive költséges
costliness költségesség
budget költségvetés
defrayal költségviselés
chit kölyök
kid kölyök
whelp kölyök
pup kölyökkutya
puppy kölyökkutya
caraway kömény
cumin kömény
bricklayer kőműves
mason kőműves
trowel kőműveskanál
trowelful kőműveskanálnyi
masonry kőművesség
palter köntörfalaz
paltering köntörfalazás
gown köntös
tabard köntös
vesture köntös
lachrymal könny
tear könny
teardrop könnycsepp
teardrops könnycseppek
easier könnyebb
facile könnyed
lightsome könnyed
airily könnyedén
swimmingly könnyedén
airiness könnyedség
facility könnyedség
tears könnyek
flighty könnyelmű
frivol könnyelmű
wanton könnyelmű
frivolity könnyelműség
easily könnyen
lightly könnyen
readily könnyen
wantonly könnyen
lachrymose könnyes
tearful könnyes
disburden könnyít
facilitate könnyít
tearless könnytelen
easy könnyű
effortless könnyű
flimsy könnyű
naphta könnyűbenzin
flimsiness könnyűség
lightweight könnyűsúly
lithography kőnyomás
lithograph kőnyomat
lithography kőnyomtatás
elbow könyök
crave könyörgés
invocation könyörgés
supplication könyörgés
praying könyörgő
suppliant könyörgő
supplicant könyörgő
besought könyörgött
beseech könyörög
entreat könyörög
implore könyörög
supplicate könyörög
pitiless könyörtelen
relentless könyörtelen
remorseless könyörtelen
ruthless könyörtelen
uncharitable könyörtelen
unmerciful könyörtelen
unpitying könyörtelen
clemency könyörület
clement könyörületes
compassionate könyörületes
mercifulness könyörületesség
book könyv
bookrest könyvállvány
bookstall könyvárusítóhely
bookstand könyvárusítóhely
bibliophile könyvbarát
books könyvek
accounting könyvelés
bookkeeping könyvelés
bookkeeper könyvelő
accountancy könyvelőség
bookshop könyvesbolt
bookshelf könyvespolc
bookshelves könyvespolc
bibliography könyvészet
bookcase könyvesszekrény
bookstore könyvkereskedés
bookseller könyvkereskedő
publisher könyvkiadó
bookbinding könyvkötés
binder könyvkötő
bookbinder könyvkötő
bookends könyvtámasz
library könyvtár
directories könyvtárak
libraries könyvtárak
librarian könyvtáros
librarianship könyvtárosság
auditor könyvvizsgáló
petroleum kőolaj
expectorate köp
dumpy köpcös
podgy köpcös
tubby köpcös
cape köpeny
mantle köpeny
smock köpeny
surcoat köpeny
expectoration köpés
spit köpés
spittle köpet
sputum köpet
expectoration köpködés
splutter köpködés
spittoon köpőcsésze
cloak köpönyeg
spat köpött
twill köpper
expectorant köptető
circle kör
garnish köret
roundabout körforgalom
gyration körforgás
rotational körforgó
rotative körforgó
carousel körhinta
turnabout körhinta
garnishing körítés
arc körív
cyclorama körkép
concentric körkörös
ambit környék
environs környék
precincts környék
purlieus környék
surroundings környék
ambience környezet
environment környezet
environments környezetek
environmental környezeti
ambient környező
sorrounding környező
surrounding környező
nail köröm
whitlow körömfájás
lunule körömhold
marigold körömvirág
circularize köröztet
amphitheater körszínház
amphitheatre körszínház
roundelay körtánc
pear körte
perry körtebor
around körül
'bout körül
thereabout körül
thereabouts körül
moated körülárkolt
approximately körülbelül
'bout körülbelül
thereabouts körülbelül
surround körülfog
entwine körülfon
circumnavigate körülhajóz
circumnavigation körülhajózás
circumscribe körülír
circumscription körülírás
periphrasis körülírás
periphrastic körülíró
perambulate körüljár
encircle körülkerít
immure körülkerít
circumstance körülmény
circumstances körülmények
conditions körülmények
circuitous körülményes
circumstancial körülményes
circumcision körülmetélés
uncircumcised körülmetéletlen
circumcised körülmetélt
circumspect körültekintő
prudent körültekintő
encompass körülvesz
environ körülvesz
outline körvonal
precinct körzet
regional körzeti
sectional körzeti
ta kösz
cliff kőszikla
crag kőszikla
bowing köszöné
thanks köszönet
whetstone köszörűkő
whet köszörülés
whetting köszörülés
gout köszvény
gouty köszvényes
bind köt
knit köt
tie köt
batch köteg
bunch köteg
bundle köteg
faggot köteg
fascicle köteg
sheave kötegelés
sheaves kötegelés
banter kötekedés
disputatious kötekedő
railer kötekedő
cord kötél
rope kötél
bond kötelék
ligament kötelék
bounden kötelesség
duty kötelesség
incumbency kötelesség
obligation kötelesség
dutiful kötelességtudó
oblige kötelez
commitment kötelezettség
engagement kötelezettség
bindings kötelezettségek
liabilities kötelezettségek
binding kötelező
compulsory kötelező
mandatory kötelező
obligatory kötelező
recognizance kötelezvény
ratlin kötélhágcsó
ratline kötélhágcsó
cordage kötélzet
rigging kötélzet
apron kötény
pinafore kötény
knitting kötés
ligature kötés
tome kötet
vol. kötet
volume kötet
vols. kötetek
volumed kötetes
halter kötőfék
knitter kötőgép
hyphen kötőjel
dashes kötőjelek
hyphenate kötőjelez
fishplate kötőlap
subjunctive kötőmód
detritus kőtörmelék
saxifrage kőtörőfű
connective kötőszó
knit kötött
knitted kötött
hosiery kötöttáru
knitwear kötöttáru
raffia kötözőháncs
bandage kötszer
bondholder kötvénytulajdonos
corpulent kövér
fat kövér
porky kövér
pudgy kövér
fatter kövérebb
pudgy kövérkés
stoutish kövérkés
plumpness kövérkésség
corpulence kövérség
fatness kövérség
plumpness kövérség
stony köves
envoy követ
follow követ
followup követ
arrogate követel
demand követelés
postulate követelmény
requirement követelmény
requirements követelmények
shrillness követelődzés
shrill követelődző
pretentiousness követelőzés
pretentious követelőző
tracking követés
followed követett
follows követett
consequently következésképpen
consistent következetes
inconsequent következetlen
inconsequential következetlen
inconsequence következetlenség
inconsistency következetlenség
aftermath következmény
consequent következmény
corollary következmény
upshot következmény
ensuing következő
following következő
next következő
subsequent következő
succeeding következő
herupon következtében
deduce következtet
infer következtet
conclusion következtetés
eduction következtetés
inference következtetés
inferred következtetett
legation követség
paving kövezet
unpaved kövezetlen
paver kövező
contour kövonal
fossil kövület
interposition közbeékelés
intercalary közbeékelt
intermediate közbeeső
sandwiched közbeiktatott
intervene közbejön
intervening közbelépés
betwixt közben
meantime közben
'twixt közben
intercede közbenjár
intercession közbenjárás
intermediary közbenső
interject közbevet
interpose közbevet
parenthetic közbevetett
parenthetical közbevetett
media közeg
medium közeg
sanitation közegészségügy
nearly közel
nigh közel
thereabout közel
forthcoming közeledő
approaching közelgő
coming közelgő
imminent közelgő
impending közelgő
handgrips közelharc
approaching közeli
nearby közeli
approximated közelít
approximate közelítő
nearness közelség
propinquity közelség
proximity közelség
commoner közember
center közép
mid közép
midst közép
midbrain középagy
semifinal középdöntő
semifinalist középdöntős
medial közepes
middling közepes
amidst közepette
mediaeval középkori
medieval középkori
midfield középpályás
centre középpont
nucleus középpont
median középső
mid középső
middle középső
middleweight középsúly
mediocre középszerű
undistinguished középszerű
mediocrity középszerűség
petrography kőzettan
petrology kőzettan
economic közgazdasági
economics közgazdaságtan
economist közgazdász
morale közhangulat
banality közhely
cliché közhely
commonplace közhely
platitude közhely
triteness közhely
truism közhely
interlude közjáték
intermezzo közjáték
amnesty közkegyelem
vehicular közlekedési
communicable közlékeny
communicative közlékeny
announcement közlemény
communication közlés
consensus közmegegyezés
proverb közmondás
proverbial közmondásos
gentry köznemes
commonalty köznép
plebs köznép
announce közöl
communicate közöl
impassive közömbös
incurious közömbös
indifferent közömbös
unconcerned közömbös
counteraction közömbösítés
impassivity közömbösség
unconcernedly közönbösen
groundling közönséges
mucker közönséges
ordinary közönséges
plebeian közönséges
vulgar közönséges
vulgarism közönségesség
vulgarity közönségesség
deadness közöny
indifference közöny
lethargy közöny
stolidity közöny
unconcern közöny
phlegmatic közönyös
stolid közönyös
unsympathetic közönyös
collective közös
common közös
public közös
commonwealth közösség
commune közösség
community közösség
copulate közösül
copulation közösülés
among között
between között
'tween között
central központi
cenripetal központkereső
centralize központosít
centralized központosított
punctuation központozás
entrepőt közraktár
instrumentality közreműködés
contribute közreműködik
collaborator közreműködő
contributor közreműködő
contributed közreműködött
republic köztársaság
republican köztársaságpárti
amid közte
plaza köztér
pollster közvéleménykutató
indirect közvetett
mediate közvetít
relayed közvetít
transmit közvetít
mediation közvetítés
mediator közvetítő
middleman közvetítő
moderator közvetítő
transmitting közvetítő
direct közvetlen
immediate közvetlen
straightaway közvetlen
immediacy közvetlenség
immediately közvetlenül
indirectly közvetve
lighting közvilágitás
publish közzétesz
disclosure közzététel
publication közzététel
communal községi
caw krákog
crater kráter
escritorie kredenc
highboy kredenc
sideboard kredenc
incinerator krematórium
creamy krémes
bisk krémleves
beige krémszínű
creole kreol
crˆpe krepp
crepe krepp
seersucker kreppszöv
chalk kréta
cretin kretén
cricketer krikettjátékos
criminology kriminológia
farthingale krinolin
undercroft kripta
crystal kristály
crystallize kristályosít
crystalline kristálytiszta
pellucid kristálytiszta
christ krisztus
xt krisztus
uncritical kritikátlan
undiscerning kritikátlan
undiscriminating kritikátlan
critic kritikus
criticize kritizál
juncture krízis
croquette krokett
crocodile krokodil
chrome króm
chromosome kromoszóma
chronicle krónika
chronicler krónikás
chronic krónikus
murphy krumpli
potato krumpli
spud krumpli
ricer krumplinyomó
croupier krupié
cuba kuba
navvy kubikos
morel kucsmagomba
bust kudarc
defeat kudarc
fiasco kudarc
fizzle kudarc
miscarriage kudarc
ninepins kugli
maggot kukac
crowed kukorékol
maize kukorica
mealies kukorica
cob kukoricacső
cornhusk kukoricacsuhéj
cornpone kukoricalepény
tortilla kukoricalepény
cornflour kukoricaliszt
cornstarch kukoricaliszt
hominy kukoricamálé
pone kukoricamálé
peek kukucskál
peep kukucskálás
key kulcs
clavicle kulcscsont
collarbone kulcscsont
hotkey kulcsgomb
keyhole kulcslyuk
keywords kulcsszavak
keyword kulcsszó
coolie kuli
culture kultúra
cultural kulturális
cult kultusz
chortle kuncog
titter kuncog
chuckle kuncogás
patron kuncsaft
stunt kunszt
cot kunyhó
hovel kunyhó
hut kunyhó
shack kunyhó
shanty kunyhó
cone kúp
suppository kúp
clutch kuplung
declutch kuplungol
cupola kupola
dome kupola
whoreson kurafi
crank kurbli
turmeric kurkuma
bobtail kurtafarkú
courtesan kurtizán
quackery kuruzslás
charlatan kuruzsló
bitch kurva
chippy kurva
harlot kurva
whore kurva
harlotry kurválkodás
whoring kurválkodás
italicize kurzivál
cursors kurzorok
course kurzus
promiscuous kuszált
clamber kúszás
creep kúszás
procumbent kúszó
scansorial kúszó
creeper kúszónövény
twiner kúszónövény
explore kutat
inverstigate kutat
research kutat
exploration kutatás
exploratory kutató
prospector kutató
researcher kutató
scrutineer kutató
dog kutya
canine kutyaféle
doghouse kutyaól
doggie kutyaszerű
doggy kutyaszerű
spurge kutyatej
kennel kutyatenyészet
tike kuvasz
tyke kuvasz
send küld
sending küldés
errand küldetés
mission küldetés
linkboy küldönc
delegate küldött
sent küldött
delegation küldöttség
deputation küldöttség
overseas külföld
foreign külföldi
foreigner külföldi
overseas külföldi
abroad külföldön
outseam külhossz
spoke küllő
charter külön
distinct külön
separate külön
detached különálló
separate különálló
otherwise különben
differs különbözik
different különböző
dissimilar különböző
heterogeneous különböző
sundry különböző
dissimilarity különbözőség
distinctness különbözőség
otherness különbözőség
difference különbség
odds különbség
differences különbségek
clog különc
eccentric különc
eccentricity különcség
miscellaneous különféle
multiform különféle
differently különféleképp
amazing különleges
especial különleges
special különleges
specially különlegesen
kickshaw különlegesség
peculiarity különlegesség
speciality különlegesség
fanciful különös
particular különös
peculiar különös
strange különös
rummer különösebb
curiously különösen
especially különösen
particularly különösen
peculiarly különösen
specifically különösen
oddly különösképp
oddly különösképpen
formality külőség
exterior külső
external külső
extrinsic külső
outer külső
outwardly külsőleg
external külsőleges
extrinsic külsőleges
outskirts külváros
suburb külváros
suburban külvárosi
suburbanite külvárosi
suburbia külvárosok
bugle kürt
hooter kürt
whelk kürtcsiga
bugler kürtös
toot kürtszó
fagging küszködés
threshold küszöb
threshold küszöbérték
struggle küzd
bout küzdelem
combat küzdelem
strife küzdelem
struggling küzdés
combatant küzdő
struggler küzdő
arena küzdőtér
quartz kvarc
foot láb
ft. láb
convalescenced lábadozás
convalesce lábadozik
convalescent lábadozó
underfoot lábalatt
podiatry lábápolás
legless lábatlan
ball labda
viburnum labdarózsa
football labdarúgás
feet lábfejek
toenail lábköröm
footwork lábmunka
lab labor
laboratory labor
leg lábszár
shank lábszár
shin lábszár
gaiter lábszárvédő
leggings lábszárvédő
puttee lábszárvédő
spatterdash lábszárvédő
footboard lábtartó
tarsus lábtő
mat lábtörlő
footed lábú
toe lábujj
tiptoe lábujjhegy
lesly laci
bin láda
chest láda
wherry ladik
lagoon lagúna
softly lágyan
flank lágyék
loin lágyék
reins lágyék
emmolient lágyító
tepid lagymatag
soften lágyul
softening lágyulás
laic laikus
layman laikus
laity laikusok
flunkey lakáj
footman lakáj
lackey lakáj
accommodations lakás
apartment lakás
housing lakás
lodgings lakás
rooms lakás
padlock lakat
untenanted lakatlan
locksmith lakatos
uninhabitable lakhatatlan
habitable lakható
inhabitable lakható
abode lakhely
dwelt lakik
inhabit lakik
resides lakik
japanned lakkozott
shellaked lakkozott
dwell lakni
denizen lakó
nuptial lakodalmi
bridal lakodalom
nuptials lakodalom
houseboat lakóhajó
abode lakóhely
habitation lakóhely
caravanner lakókocsizó
expiate lakol
dweller lakos
inhabitant lakos
population lakosság
apartments lakosztály
barrack laktanya
stodgy laktató
lo lám
lama láma
panelling lambéria
lamp lámpa
lamplight lámpafény
lamplighter lámpagyújtogató
lights lámpák
lantern lámpás
catena lánc
chain lánc
sprocket lánckerékfog
chaining láncolás
chained láncolt
assegai lándzsa
lance lándzsa
spear lándzsa
lancer lándzsás
flame láng
blazing lángolás
aglow lángoló
aglow lángolóan
scone lángos
phlox lángvirág
lukewarm langyos
languorous lankadt
lanoline lanolin
lutanist lantos
lutist lantos
daughter lány
girl lány
lass lány
depressed lanyha
lass lányka
girlish lányos
granddaughter lányunoka
slab lap
moor láp
shovel lapát
shovelful lapátnyi
spadeful lapátnyi
scoop lapátolás
shoveler lapátoló
shoveller lapátoló
shoveled lapátolt
shovelled lapátolt
formfeed lapdobás
possum lapít
paperboy lapkihordó
scapula lapocka
pages lapok
page lapoldal
moorish lápos
flatly laposan
flask laposüveg
latency lappangás
goatsucker lappantyú
lapland lappföld
paginate lapszámoz
pagination lapszámozás
paging lapszámozás
unpaged lapszámozatlan
marginal lapszél
clamor lárma
clamour lárma
din lárma
hubbub lárma
ruckus lárma
clamorous lármás
obstreperous lármás
tumultuous lármás
uproarious lármás
vociferous lármás
rowdiness lármázás
dinned lármázik
rowdy lármázó
larva lárva
pupa lárva
vide lásd
slower lassabb
decelerate lassít
retardment lassítás
slow lassú
slowness lassúság
leslie lászló
looking lászó
lariat lasszó
lasso lasszó
see lát
sees lát
eyesight látás
sight látás
visual látási
unseen látatlan
invisible láthatatlan
unseen láthatatlan
invisibility láthatatlanság
apparent látható
visible látható
visibility láthatóság
latin latin
tosee látni
sights látnivalók
seer látnok
prophetical látnoki
seeing látó
attend látogat
visit látogat
visit látogatás
visitation látogatás
caller látogató
visitant látogató
visiting látogató
visitor látogató
frequented látogatott
horizon látóhatár
ken látókör
ponder latolgat
eyeshot látótávolság
seen látott
latrine latrina
guise látszat
placebo látszatgyógyszer
optician látszerész
seem látszik
seemingly látszólag
dummy látszólagos
pseudo látszólagos
quasi látszólagos
seeming látszólagos
virtual látszólagos
endorse láttamoz
indorse láttamoz
endorsement láttamozás
spectacle látvány
vision látvány
spectacular látványos
pageant látványosság
spectacle látványosság
slush latyak
slushy latyakos
lava láva
tufa lávakő
tuff lávakő
avalanche lavina
fever láz
pyrexia láz
flimsy laza
lax laza
loose laza
slack laza
sleazy laza
kipper lazac
salmon lazac
insurrection lázadás
mutiny lázadás
rebellion lázadás
revolt lázadás
riot lázadás
rioting lázadás
insurgent lázadó
insurrectionist lázadó
mutineer lázadó
mutinous lázadó
rebel lázadó
rebellious lázadó
rioter lázadó
febrile lázas
fevered lázas
feverish lázas
laxity lazaság
looseness lazaság
slackness lazaság
febrifuge lázcsillapitó
relax lazít
incendiary lázító
slackening lazulás
lcd lcd
down le
juice lé
abasement lealacsonyítás
debasement lealacsonyítás
debase lealáz
brutalize lealjasít
brutalized lealjasult
stop leáll
halt leállás
shutdown leállás
stopped leállított
colleen leány
damsel leányka
girlhood leánykor
seminary leánynevelde
sorority leányszövetség
reap learat
dispraise lebecsül
misjudge lebecsül
flicker lebeg
hover lebeg
levitate lebeg
levitation lebegés
floating lebegő
floatation lebegtetés
stamped lebélyegezett
stamped lebélyegzett
dewlap lebernyeg
dissuade lebeszél
dismantle lebont
demolition lebontás
transact lebonyolít
transaction lebonyolítás
lath léc
slat léc
stave léc
slatted lécezett
staved lécezett
lesson lecke
lessons leckék
pegging lecövekelés
swoop lecsapás
unbuckle lecsatol
unsling lecsatol
unscrew lecsavar
unwind lecsavar
unscrew lecsavarodik
unwind lecsavarodik
becalm lecsendesít
appease lecsillapít
nipping lecsípés
topple ledől
tamp ledöngöl
abrade ledörzsöl
abrasion ledörzsölés
abrasive ledörzsölő
juicy lédús
sappy lédús
succulent lédús
juiciness lédússág
succulence lédússág
sunburn leégés
simplistic leegyszerűsített
flopped leejtett
prospective leendő
condescension leereszkedés
condescend leereszkedik
deflation leeresztés
devaluate leértékel
devalue leértékel
devaluation leértékelés
tumble leesik
demilitarize lefegyverez
disarm lefegyverez
disarmament lefegyverezés
demilitarization lefegyverzés
disarmament lefegyverzés
behead lefejez
decapitate lefejez
decapitation lefejezés
bedded lefektet
laying lefektetés
downarrow lefele
downhill lefele
downward lefelé
downwards lefelé
portray lefest
bespeak lefogla
allocates lefoglal
confiscation lefoglal
engage lefoglal
impoud lefoglal
occupy lefoglal
reserve lefoglal
sequestrate lefoglal
allocated lefoglalt
booked lefoglalt
degrade lefokoz
demote lefokoz
degradation lefokozás
drainpipe lefolyócső
untranslatable lefordíthatatlan
translatable lefordítható
compiled lefordított
infuse leforráz
skim lefölöz
leastwise legalábbis
fittest legalkalmasabb
downmost legalsó
lowermost legalsó
lowest legalsó
nethermost legalsó
undermost legalsó
inmost legbelső
innermost legbelső
propeller légcsavar
trachea légcső
windpipe légcső
simplest legegyszerűbb
graze legel
pasture legel
grazing legelés
herbage legelő
lea legelő
pasturage legelő
foremost legelső
headmost legelső
principal legelső
grazing legeltetés
legendary legendás
storied legendás
bachelorhood legényélet
bachelor legényember
crew legénység
lowermost legeslegalsó
northernmost legészakibb
grimmest legfélelmetesebb
shiest legfélénkebb
shyest legfélénkebb
uppermost legfelső
atop legfelül
youngest legfiatalabb
topmost legfontosabb
hottest legforróbb
cardinal legfőbb
paramount legfőbb
sov. legfőbb
sovereign legfőbb
supreme legfőbb
eminently legfőképpen
balloon léggömb
airship léghajó
dirgible léghajó
zepp léghajó
zeppelin léghajó
aftermost leghátsó
backmost leghátsó
hindmost leghátsó
sternmost leghátsó
hindmost leghátulsó
rearmost leghátulsó
utricle léghólyag
longest leghosszabb
airbus légibusz
eldest legidősebb
veriest legigazibb
mostly leginkább
principally leginkább
legion légió
legionary légiós
airmail légiposta
airline légitársaság
airways légitársaság
best legjobb
supremely legjobban
jackhammer légkalapács
slimmed legkarcsúbb
easternmost legkeletibb
fewest legkevesebb
least legkisebb
atmosphere légkör
meteoric légköri
fattest legkövérebb
nearest legközelebbi
proximate legközelebbi
middlemost legközépső
rummest legkülönösebb
outermost legkülső
outmost legkülső
highest legmagasabb
tallest legmagasabb
airtight légmentes
biggest legnagyobb
wettest legnedvesebb
westernmost legnyugatibb
oldest legöregebb
maddest legőrültebb
airgun légpuska
airgap légrés
worst legrosszabb
glummest legrosszabbkedvű
flyweight légsúly
compressor légsűrítő
freest legszabadabb
saddest legszomorúbb
furthest legtávolabb
farthermost legtávolabbi
farthest legtávolabbi
furthermost legtávolabbi
furthest legtávolabbra
acrobat légtornász
most legtöbb
cower leguggol
cowered leguggolva
latest legutolsó
escapism légvárépítés
thinnest legvékonyabb
reddest legvörösebb
hermetic légzáró
respiratory légzési
spirometer légzésmérő
schnorkel légzőcső
snorkel légzőcső
respirator légzőkészülék
flapper légycsapó
swatter légycsapó
debilitate legyengít
palmetto legyezőpálma
fastest leggyorsabb
quickest leggyorsabb
dab legyintés
conquer legyőz
outplay legyőz
overbear legyőz
overcome legyőz
overmaster legyőz
overpower legyőz
subdue legyőz
vanquish legyőz
discomfiture legyőzetés
impregnable legyőzhetetlen
insuperable legyőzhetetlen
invincible legyőzhetetlen
unconquerable legyőzhetetlen
invincibility legyőzhetetlenség
superable legyőzhető
vincible legyőzhető
overbore legyőzött
overborne legyőzött
overcame legyőzött
subdued legyőzött
dissolute léha
outmarch lehagy
outpace lehagy
bugging lehallgatás
scaling lehámlás
desquamate lehámlik
exfoliate lehámlik
deject lehangol
depressive lehangoló
downcast lehangolt
decorticate lehántol
levity léhaság
wispy leheletfinom
blew lehellet
may lehet
might lehet
impossible lehetetlen
unreal lehetetlen
absurdity lehetetlenség
impossibility lehetetlenség
availability lehetőség
feasibility lehetőség
possibility lehetőség
feasible lehetséges
possible lehetséges
potentiality lehetségesség
berate lehord
refrigerate lehűt
refrigeration lehűtés
loafer léhűtő
subjugation leigázás
describe leír
description leírás
descrition leírás
describes leírások
descriptions leírások
rescript leirat
indescribable leírhatatlan
undescribable leírhatatlan
describable leírható
descriptive leíró
descriptor leíró
described leírt
expire lejár
expiration lejárat
expiry lejárat
hatchway lejáró
expired lejárt
shelve lejt
declivity lejtő
gradient lejtő
incline lejtő
slope lejtő
inclined lejtős
sloping lejtős
aslant lejtősen
slopiness lejtősség
leak lék
mown lekaszált
appeasement lekenyerezés
queries lekérdezések
clegyman lekész
handling lekezelés
handler lekezelő
handlers lekezelők
flagg lekonyul
flagged lekonyult
resignation leköszönés
indebtedness lekötelezettség
obliging lekötelező
deduce lekövetkeztet
surmount leküzd
insurmountable leküzdhetetlen
surmountable leküzdhető
marmalade lekvár
respiration lélegzés
breath lélegzet
breathe lélegzik
respire lélegzik
breathing lélegző
psyche lélek
soul lélek
psychoanalysis lélekelemzés
psychoanalyst lélekelemző
knell lélekharang
composure lélekjelenlét
salvationist lélekmentő
breathless lélekszakadva
psychologic lélektan
psychology lélektan
psychological lélektani
soulles lélektelen
uninspired lélektelen
resourceful leleményes
cleverness leleményesség
gumption leleményesség
ingenuity leleményesség
foundling lelenc
denounce leleplez
uncover leleplez
unmask leleplez
unveil leleplez
debunk leleplezés
revealing leleplező
trove lelet
rahapsody lelkendezés
enthusiastic lelkes
mettlesome lelkes
perfervid lelkes
soulful lelkes
zealous lelkes
ardour lelkesedés
enthusiasm lelkesedés
rave lelkesedés
enthuse lelkesedik
rousing lelkesítő
enthusiastic lelkesült
chaplain lelkész
padre lelkész
parson lelkész
vicar lelkész
psychic lelki
psychical lelki
spiritual lelki
conscience lelkiismeret
conscientious lelkiismeretes
scrupulous lelkiismeretes
unconscionable lelkiismeretlen
deflate lelohaszt
inventory leltár
reproduce lemásol
descend lemegy
measurable lemérhető
dive lemerülés
scupper lemészárol
disc lemez
disk lemez
disks lemezek
disk's lemezeké
laminate lemezel
stylus lemezjátszótű
abdicate lemond
discard lemond
forgo lemond
renounce lemond
waive lemond
abdication lemondás
abnegation lemondás
cession lemondás
demission lemondás
renouncement lemondás
depose lemondat
deposal lemondatás
disclaimer lemondó
disclose lemondó
forwent lemondott
flax len
lens lencse
lentil lencse
élan lendület
impetus lendület
lilt lendület
dashing lendületes
sniffy lenéző
poland lengyelország
linseed lenmag
beneath lenn
down lenn
downstairs lenn
'neath lenn
flaxen lenszőke
entity lényeg
essence lényeg
essentials lényeg
nub lényeg
substance lényeg
vitals lényeg
gist lényege
essentially lényegében
essential lényeges
integral lényeges
intrinsic lényeges
relevant lényeges
substantial lényeges
substantially lényegesen
immaterial lényegtelen
insubstantial lényegtelen
pointless lényegtelen
unessential lényegtelen
unimportant lényegtelen
unsubstantial lényegtelen
unsaddle lenyergel
lop lenyes
snip lenyisszantás
imprint lenyomat
enthralling lenyűgöző
belittle leócsárol
readings leolvasások
pard leopárd
slaughter leölés
honeycomb lép
spleen lép
distillation lepárlás
decoct lepárol
distill lepárol
distillation lepárolás
stair lépcső
staircase lépcső
stairs lépcső
stairway lépcső
stair lépcsőfok
stairway lépcsőház
balusters lépcsőkorlát
banisters lépcsőkorlát
newel lépcsőkorlát
staircase lépcsősor
staggered lépcsőzetes
terraced lépcsőzetes
stridden lépdelt
strode lépdelt
unstamped lepecsételetlen
sealed lepecsételt
sheet lepedő
pall lepel
shroud lepel
halibut lepényhal
plaice lepényhal
footstep lépés
pace lépés
step lépés
steps lépések
footfall lépészaj
pedometer lépésszámláló
butterfly lepke
stride lépked
stepwise lépkedve
dissemble leplez
veiling leplezés
undisguised leplezetlen
covert leplezett
veiled leplezett
flopp lepottyantott
stepper lépő
leprosy lepra
leper leprás
leprous leprás
pacer léptető
placed lerakott
abreact lereagál
fix lerögzit
curtail lerövidít
ambush les
offside lesállás
lurking leselkedés
lurk leselkedni
coasting lesiklás
smoothe lesimít
emacitate lesoványít
crushing lesújtó
become lesz
been lesz
landing leszállás
alight leszállni
showdown leszámolás
lineage leszármazás
derivation leszármaztatás
derivative leszármaztatott
outvote leszavaz
lesbian leszbikus
'twill leszek
you'll leszel
demob leszerel
demobilize leszerel
dismount leszerel
unfix leszerel
demobilization leszerelés
chidden leszidott
disaccustom leszoktat
disparagement leszólás
accost leszólít
dirk leszúr
encamp letáboroz
scan letapogat
scanning letapogatás
devastate letarol
stubbly letarolt
arrest letartóztatás
uncoil letekercsel
unreel letekercsel
unwound letekercselt
unwound letekert
settle letelepedni
ontology lételmélet
ontological lételméleti
laceration letépés
deposit letét
bestow letétbetesz
deposition letétel
depositary letéteményes
depositor letevő
existence létezés
existing létezés
existed létezett
being létezik
coexist létezik
exist létezik
existent létező
vital létfontosságú
disabling letiltás
forbidding letiltás
disables letiltások
download letölt
wipe letörlés
amortize letörleszt
ladder létra
beget létrehoz
begotten létrehoz
creat létrehoz
create létrehoz
generate létrehoz
procreate létrehoz
generates létrehozás
created létrehozott
generated létrehozott
emergent létrejövő
supernumerary létszámfölötti
subsidence leülepedés
subside leülepedik
seating leültetés
unstick leválaszt
detachment leválasztás
unstuck levált
air levegő
airy levegős
airless levegőtlen
detachable levehető
epistle levél
leaf levél
letter levél
missive levél
epistolary levélbeli
c/o leveleivel
leaves levelek
leafy leveles
leaved leveles
postbox levelesláda
correspond levelez
correspondence levelezés
correspondent levelező
postcard levelezőlap
notepaper levélpapír
mailbox levélszekrény
archives levéltár
billfold levéltárca
wallet levéltárca
archivist levéltáros
lavender levendula
prostration levertség
soup leves
sup leves
supped leveses
tureen levesestál
takeoff levesz
disrobe levet
strip levetkőzés
peel levetkőzik
undress levetkőzik
deductive levezető
deduct levon
detract levon
deduction levonás
latch lezár
enclosing lezárt
loafing lézengés
laser lézer
deprave lezülleszt
goose liba
gooseflesh libabőrösödés
geese libák
pigweed libatop
latitudinarian liberális
libido libidó
incubus lidércnyomás
nightmare lidércnyomás
league liga
greenwood liget
grove liget
parkland liget
pant liheg
panting lihegő
wheezy lihegő
liqueur likőr
lily liliom
lilliput liliput
lilliputian liliputi
gewgaw limlom
junk limlom
lumber limlom
rattletraps limlom
lemonade limonádé
limousine limuzin
lynch lincsel
lino linóleum
linoleum linóleum
lyre líra
lyric lírai
lyrical lírai
list lista
lists listák
listing listázás
listed listázott
flour liszt
farinaceous lisztes
mealy lisztszerű
litany litánia
liter liter
litre liter
horse ló
hoss ló
mustang ló
splash loccsanás
chatterbox locsifecsi
chatterer locsifecsi
gabbing locsogás
sprinkler locsoló
sprinkled locsolt
hornet lódarázs
horsepower lóerő
crupper lófar
ponytail lófarok
scrimshank lóg
logarithmic logaritmikus
logarithm logaritmus
suspension lógás
logic logika
logical logikus
hooky lógós
quitter lógós
shirker lógós
slacker lógós
truant lógós
hotfoot lóhalálában
horseback lóhát
clover lóhere
cloverleaf lóhere
shamrock lóhere
trefoil lóhere
fealty lojalitás
parocialism lokálpatriotizmus
horsy lókedvelő
foliage lomb
jigsaw lombfűrész
defoliation lombhullás
defoliate lombtalanít
slouch lomha
sluggisness lomhaság
bellhop londiner
london london
rob lop
steal lop
thieve lop
larceny lopás
stealing lopás
theft lopás
thieving lopás
thievish lopó
stalking lopódzás
thievish lopós
calabash lopótök
stole lopott
stealth lopva
stealthily lopva
saddlery lószerszámok
horsehair lószőr
haircloth lószőrvászon
lottery lottó
lotus lótusz
moll lotyó
quean lotyó
knight lovag
paladin lovag
thane lovag
thegn lovag
knightly lovagias
gallantry lovagiasság
unchivalrous lovagiatlan
riding lovaglás
jodhpurs lovaglónadrág
horsewhip lovaglóostor
astraddle lovaglóülésben
astride lovaglóülésben
ride lovagol
rode lovagolt
knighthood lovagrend
equestrian lovas
horseman lovas
rider lovas
mounted lovasított
horseplay lovasjáték
horsewoman lovasnő
cowboy lovaspásztor
cavalry lovasság
horsecar lóvasút
hostler lovász
ostler lovász
stableman lovász
turf lóverseny
gunnery lőgyakorlat
jostle lök
push lök
shove lök
jostle lökdös
brunt lökés
dash lökés
jerk lökés
jog lökés
shove lökés
thrust lökés
buffer lökhárító
bumper lökhárító
fender lökhárító
shoved lökött
luncheon löncs
spam löncshús
cordite lőpor
gunpowder lőpor
battlements lőrés
embrasure lőrés
porthole lőrés
loess lösz
munition lőszer
waggle lötyög
wobble lötyögés
slipslop lötty
slop lötty
missile lövedék
projectile lövedék
shoot lövés
shot lövés
fusilier lövész
marksman lövész
rifleman lövész
marksmanship lövészet
musketry lövészet
paddle lubickolás
alfalfa lucerna
lucerne lucerna
medick lucerna
draggled lucskos
sloppy lucskos
sloppiness lucskosság
lye lúg
bower lugas
trellis lugas
lumbago lumbágó
urchin lurkó
laggard lusta
lazy lusta
laze lustálkodik
laziness lustaság
deluxe luxus
sedan luxuskocsi
stateroom luxuslakosztály
palpitate lüktet
pulsate lüktet
pulse lüktet
throb lüktet
palpitation lüktetés
pulsation lüktetés
throb lüktetés
throbbing lüktetés
hole lyuk
porosity lyukacsosság
porousness lyukacsosság
leaky lyukas
punching lyukasztás
puncheon lyukasztó
pricker lyukasztótű
today ma
bruin mackó
yegg mackós
cat macska
feline macskaféle
valerian macskagyökérfű
bird madár
fowler madarász
birdseed madáreleség
nestling madárfióka
frump madárijesztő
scarecrow madárijesztő
birdie madárka
aviary madárkalitka
ornithology madártan
ornithological madártani
guano madártrágya
ornithologist madártudós
madonna madonna
madrigal madrigál
maffia maffia
mafia maffia
booby mafla
core mag
kernel mag
seed mag
itself maga
oneself maga
self maga
panache magabiztosság
yourself magad
myself magam
exhibitionism magamutogatás
exhibitionist magamutogató
private magán
privy magán
monolog magánbeszéd
monologue magánbeszéd
privacy magánélet
monophthong magánhangzó
vowel magánhangzó
solitude magány
lone magányos
lonely magányos
lonesome magányos
sequestered magányos
solitary magányos
loneliness magányosság
singleness magányosság
solitude magányosság
high magas
tall magas
higher magasabb
taller magasabb
aloft magasban
hummock magaslat
altitude magasság
height magasság
highness magasság
tallness magasság
altimeter magasságmérő
hypertension magasvérnyomás
eulogize magasztal
exalt magasztal
extol magasztal
exaltation magasztalás
attituda magatartás
deportment magatartás
yourselves magatok
magazine magazin
torus magház
tori magházak
magnate mágnás
lodestone mágnes
magnet mágnes
magnetic mágneses
magnetize mágneses
magnetism mágnesesség
loadstone mágnesvasérc
magnesium magnézium
magnesia magnéziumoxid
swot magol
conning magolás
swot magolás
ejaculation magömlés
spermatism magömlés
granary magtár
nucleonics magtechnika
themselves magukat
ourselves magunk
ourself magunkat
seedy magvas
seediness magvasság
sower magvető
embryo magzat
fetus magzat
foetus magzat
fetal magzati
foetal magzati
hungarian magyar
commenting magyarázás
comment magyarázat
elucidation magyarázat
explanation magyarázat
explication magyarázat
explicable magyarázható
paraphrase magyarázó
hungary magyarország
mahogany mahagóni
maharaja maharadzsa
maharajah maharadzsa
liver máj
then majd
almost majdnem
ape majmol
majolica majolika
monkey majom
simian majom
dotage majomszeretet
simian majomszerű
mayonnaise majonéz
marjoram majoranna
maypole májusfa
cirrhosis májzsugor
poppy mák
contumacios makacs
dogged makacs
dour makacs
headstrong makacs
intractable makacs
obdurate makacs
ornery makacs
recalcitrant makacs
refractory makacs
stubborn makacs
contumacy makacsság
obduracy makacsság
recalcitrance makacsság
setness makacsság
stubborness makacsság
macaroni makaróni
lemur maki
lemur makimajom
acorn makk
mackerel makréla
macro makró
porkling malac
malaria malária
malarial maláriás
malt maláta
malting malátázás
impedimenta málha
pannier málháskosár
raspberry málna
loganberry málnaszeder
mill malom
millstone malomkő
mortar malter
mallow mályva
hollyhock mályvarózsa
mauve mályvaszínű
ma mama
mama mama
mamma mama
mum mami
mummy mami
oaf mamlasz
tomfool mamlasz
intoxicant mámorító
paw mancs
mandarin mandarin
tangerine mandarin
mandolin mandolin
mandragora mandragóra
mandrake mandragóra
almond mandula
gland mandula
tonsil mandula
quinsy mandulagyulladás
tonsilitis mandulagyulladás
tonsillitis mandulagyulladás
tonsillectomy mandulaműtét
manganese mangán
mango mangó
mangrove mangróve
mania mánia
maniac mániákus
manicure manikűr
manicurist manikűrös
juggle manipulál
manipulate manipulál
manipulated manipulált
crutches mankó
hagiography manna
manna manna
gnome manó
hobgoblin manó
troll manó
mannequin manöken
maneuver manőver
manoeuvre manőver
folder mappa
folders mappák
already már
marabou marabu
remain marad
stay marad
abiding maradandó
imperishable maradandó
staying maradás
leavings maradék
remainder maradék
remains maradék
remnant maradék
rump maradék
leavings maradékok
oddments maradékok
stet maradhat
fogy maradi
retrograde maradi
obscurantism maradiság
remained maradt
holdover maradvány
residue maradvány
etching maratás
mar. márc.
maul marcangol
marchpane marcipán
marzipan marcipán
march március
fistful maréknyi
handful maréknyi
marl márga
marguerite margaréta
margarine margarin
marge margarin
marly márgás
cattle marha
beef marhahús
roastbeef marhasült
murrain marhavész
mary mária
marihuana marihuána
marijuana marihuána
marionette marionett
marquess márki
marquis márki
marquise márkiné
marchioness márkinő
grip markolás
hilt markolat
scathing maró
vitriolic maró
corrosive maróanyag
martian marslakó
buccaneer martalóc
freebooter martalóc
martini martini
sopped mártogatott
marble márvány
marbling márványozás
marbled márványozott
marmoreal márványszerű
else más
unlike más
other másik
crapulous másnapos
hangover másnaposság
second második
vicariously másodkézből
secondary másodlagos
secondly másodszor
reproduce másol
copying másolás
duplication másolás
copy másolat
counterpart másolat
duplicate másolat
replica másolat
reproduction másolat
transcript másolat
copies másolatok
backed másolt
copied másolva
alveolar mássalhangzó
consonant mássalhangzó
elsewhere másutt
otherwordly másvilági
climbing mászás
smear maszat
crawl mászik
masque maszk
maskable maszkolható
bunkum maszlag
dollop massza
massage masszázs
massive masszív
massy masszív
monolithic masszív
masseur masszőr
masturbate maszturbál
math matek
maths matek
mathematician matematikus
matinée matiné
mattress matrac
matrices mátrix
matrix mátrix
bluejacket matróz
matt matt
methuselah matuzsálem
maxi maxi
maximal maximális
perfectionist maximalista
maximalize maximalizál
maximize maximalizál
max. maximum
maximum maximum
glazing máz
fluke mázli
fluker mázlista
masochism mazohizmus
quintal mázsa
weighman mázsáló
steelyard mázsálórúd
currant mazsola
raisin mazsola
sultana mazsola
plummy mazsolás
dependable mebízható
maecenas mecénás
mechanics mechanika
mechanical mechanikai
mechanism mechanizmus
mosque mecset
lychnis mécsvirág
pendant medál
locket medalion
abortive meddő
barren meddő
barrenness meddőség
sterility meddőség
basin medence
pelvic medence
pelvis medence
pool medence
medic medikus
bear medve
licoroce medvecukor
liquorice medvecukor
still még
yet még
megabyte megabyte
megacycle megaciklus
surrender megadás
debar megakadályoz
impede megakadályoz
snub megakadályoz
stimy megakadályoz
stymie megakaszt
founded megalakult
substantiate megalapoz
unfounded megalapozatlan
established megalapozott
grounded megalapozott
abase megaláz
crept megalázkodik
grovel megalázkodik
kotow megalázkodik
kowtow megalázkodik
truckle megalázkodik
degrading megalázó
bless megáld
endue megáld
blest megáldott
opportunism megalkuvás
opportunist megalkuvó
establish megállapít
diagnose megállapítás
diagnostic megállapítás
observations megállapítások
unascertainable megállapíthatatlan
stated megállapított
agreement megállapodás
convention megállapodás
stipulate megállapodik
cease megállás
stopping megállás
stoppage megállítás
stopping megállítás
paused megállt
coagulate megalvad
jell megalvad
coagulation megalvadás
clotted megalvadt
curdle megalvaszt
cussed megátalkodott
impenitent megátalkodott
cussedness megátalkodottság
impenitence megátalkodottság
megaton megatonna
megawatts megawatt
enchant megbabonáz
regret megbán
repent megbánni
appreciated megbecsült
stigmatize megbélyegez
condemnation megbélyegzés
disable megbénít
paralyse megbénít
paralyze megbénít
disablement megbénítás
hamstring megbénítás
hamstringed megbénított
hamstrung megbénított
paralysed megbénult
paralyzed megbénult
concerted megbeszélt
sicken megbetegszik
tackle megbirkózik
entrust megbíz
commission megbízás
mandate megbízás
trustless megbízhatatlan
undependable megbízhatatlan
unreliable megbízhatatlan
unretentive megbízhatatlan
untrustworthy megbízhatatlan
reliable megbízható
staunch megbízható
trusted megbízható
trustworthy megbízható
trusty megbízható
reliability megbízhatóság
staunchness megbízhatóság
trustiness megbízhatóság
relied megbízni
commissioned megbízott
mandatary megbízott
forgiveness megbocsájtás
forgiving megbocsájtó
forgave megbocsájtott
excuse megbocsát
forgive megbocsát
remission megbocsátás
unforgivable megbocsáthatatlan
unpardonable megbocsáthatatlan
inexcusable megbocsáthatatlanág
excusable megbocsátható
forgivable megbocsátható
pardonable megbocsátható
veniality megbocsáthatóság
shaveling megborotvált
horrify megborzaszt
avenge megbosszul
stumbling megbotlás
stumble megbotlik
caning megbotozás
nudge megbökés
flunk megbukik
overthrew megbuktatott
expiation megbűnhődés
penalize megbüntet
confute megcáfol
disprove megcáfol
rebut megcáfol
refute megcáfol
disproved megcáfolt
circumvent megcsal
tapped megcsapolt
stunk megcsíp
stung megcsípett
admire megcsodál
maim megcsonkít
mutilate megcsonkít
truncate megcsonkít
mayhem megcsonkítás
mutilation megcsonkítás
truncated megcsonkított
derogation megcsorbítás
slippage megcsúszás
slither megcsúszás
tumefy megdagad
swelled megdagadt
swollen megdagadt
congeal megdermed
benumb megdermeszt
petrify megdermeszt
admonish megdorgál
reprove megdorgál
consternation megdöbbenés
shock megdöbbenés
aghast megdöbbent
appal megdöbbent
flabbergast megdöbbent
thunderstruck megdöbbent
shocking megdöbbentő
staggering megdöbbentő
demolish megdönt
overthrow megdöntés
axiomatic megdönthetetlen
irrefutable megdönthetetlen
overthrown megdöntött
wired megdrótozott
dulcify megédesít
sweeten megédesít
inure megedz
accede megegyezik
equalled megegyezik
congruous megegyező
subsist megél
contentment megelégedés
contented megelégedett
complacency megelégedettség
animate megelevenít
livelihood megélhetés
subsistence megélhetés
forego megelőz
forestall megelőz
outdistance megelőz
outride megelőz
outrun megelőz
outstrip megelőz
precede megelőz
prevent megelőz
prevents megelőz
anticipation megelőzés
precedence megelőzés
preventing megelőzés
prevention megelőzés
prophylaxis megelőzés
antecendent megelőző
foregoing megelőző
preceding megelőző
preventive megelőző
prophylactic megelőző
forewent megelőzött
outran megelőzött
outridden megelőzött
outrunn megelőzött
overtook megelőzött
unassimilated megemésztetlen
indigestible megemészthetetl
commemoration megemlékezés
mention megemlít
inadmissible megendedhetetlen
allow megenged
allows megenged
allowable megengedett
licit megengedett
permissible megengedhető
admissibility megengedhetőség
concessive megengedő
allowed megengedve
allowing megengedve
condign megérdemelt
deserts megérdemelt
deservedly megérdemelten
sagging megereszkedett
tigged megérintett
advent megérkezés
arrival megérkezés
arrive megérkezik
maturation megérlelés
strain megerőltetés
affirm megerősít
confirm megerősít
corroborate megerősít
fasten megerősít
fortify megerősít
reinforce megerősít
reconfirm megerősíteni
confirmation megerősítés
corroboration megerősítés
fortification megerősítés
reinforcement megerősítés
strengthening megerősítés
unconfirmed megerősítetlen
reinforced megerősített
strengthen megerősödik
comprehend megért
understand megért
realizing megértette
apprehensible megérthető
comprehensible megérthető
happed megesett
grippe megfázás
decode megfejt
unscramble megfejt
solver megfejtő
restrain megfékez
appropriately megfelel•ően
adequacy megfelelés
appropriate megfelelő
corresponding megfelelő
fit megfelelő
proper megfelelő
properly megfelelően
suitably megfelelően
browbeat megfélemlít
daunt megfélemlít
intimidate megfélemlít
overawe megfélemlít
terrify megfélemlít
intimidation megfélemlítés
halve megfelez
unappealable megfellebbezhetetlen
chastise megfenyít
infect megfertőz
tauten megfeszít
rejuvenate megfiatalít
rejuvenation megfiatalítás
observe megfigyel
observation megfigyelés
observer megfigyelő
priceless megfizethetetlen
grasp megfog
hold megfog
holds megfog
formulate megfogalmaz
drafting megfogalmazás
seize megfogni
catcher megfogó
gripped megfogott
burke megfojt
smother megfojt
strangle megfojt
choke megfojtás
strangling megfojtás
suffocation megfojtás
choker megfojtó
consideration megfontolás
considerations megfontolás
deliberation megfontolás
considired megfontolt
guarded megfontolt
studious megfontolt
premeditation megfontoltság
invert megfordít
reverse megfordít
inversion megfordítás
irreversible megfordíthatatlan
reversible megfordítható
converse megfordított
inverted megfordított
reciprocal megfordított
turned megfordított
molded megformált
moulded megformált
bereave megfoszt
deprive megfoszt
disendow megfoszt
dispossess megfoszt
divest megfoszt
deprival megfosztás
despoliation megfosztás
bereaved megfosztott
flipped megfricskázott
rapped megfricskázott
drown megfullad
suffocate megfullad
decampment megfutamodás
skedaddle megfutamodás
barred meggátol
blindfold meggondolatlan
headlong meggondolatlan
hothead meggondolatlan
imprudent meggondolatlan
injudicious meggondolatlan
thoughtless meggondolatlan
unadvised meggondolatlan
unconsidered meggondolatlan
unthinking meggondolatlan
imprudence meggondolatlanság
thoughtlessness meggondolatlanság
unadvisedly meggondolatlanul
prudential meggondolt
stoop meggörnyed
stoop meggörnyedés
ob. megh.
bowing meghajlás
crouch meghajlás
curtsey meghajlás
curtsy meghajlás
inflexion meghajlítás
drive meghajt
driver meghajtó
propelling meghajtó
drivers meghajtók
decease meghal
die meghal
overhear meghall
overheard meghallott
died meghalt
adulterate meghamisít
garble meghamisít
adulteration meghamisítás
garbled meghamisított
accredited meghatalmazott
procurator meghatalmazott
trustee meghatalmazott
define meghatároz
determine meghatároz
definition meghatározás
defines meghatározások
undefined meghatározatlan
undetermined meghatározatlan
indeterminacy meghatározatlanság
elusive meghatározhatatlan
indeterminable meghatározhatatlan
undefinable meghatározhatatlan
indefinable meghatározhatatlanság
definable meghatározható
determinable meghatározható
determinative meghatározó
defined meghatározott
determinate meghatározott
touching megható
touchingly meghatóan
touched meghatott
flinch meghátrál
breakdown meghibásodás
bestrew meghint
bestrewed meghintett
cosy meghitt
familiar meghitt
homelike meghitt
intimate meghitt
familiarity meghittség
frustrate meghiúsít
frustration meghiúsulás
invite meghiv
call meghív
bidding meghívás
invitation meghívás
acclimatization meghonosítás
elongate meghosszabbít
lengthen meghosszabbít
elongation meghosszabbítás
prolongation meghosszabbítás
extendable meghosszabbítható
prolong meghosszabít
amazed meghökkent
appall meghökkent
nonplus meghökkent
hazing meghúzás
evoke megidéz
summons megidézés
subpoened megidézett
promised megígért
shied megijedt
frighten megijeszt
scare megijeszt
startle megijeszt
affecting megindító
motivate megindokol
lurch megingás
unflinching megingathatatlan
unwavering megingathatatlan
penned megírt
written megírt
notwithstanding mégis
knowledgeable megismerhető
acquaint megismertet
familiarize megismertet
encore megismétlés
repetition megismétlés
adjudicate megitél
sweated megizzasztott
improve megjavít
meliorate megjavít
repair megjavít
mend megjavítani
improved megjavított
memorize megjegyez
remarked megjegyezte
rem megjegyzés
remark megjegyzés
comments megjegyzések
remarks megjegyzések
appearance megjelenés
appear megjelenik
appears megjelenik
visualize megjelenít
appellation megjelölés
denotation megjelölés
labelled megjelölt
marks megjelölt
predict megjósol
prophesy megjósol
predictable megjósolható
foretell megjövendöl
foretold megjövendöl
portend megjövendöl
prognosticate megjövendöl
prognostic megjövendölés
prognosticable megjövendölhető
snatching megkaparintás
gripping megkapó
ingratiate megkedveltet
harden megkeményít
toughhen megkeményít
ask megkérdez
baptize megkeresztel
embitter megkeserít
overdue megkésett
redouble megkettőz
reduplicate megkettőz
reduplication megkettőzés
inaugurate megkezd
essay megkísérel
tempt megkísért
covet megkíván
deplume megkopaszt
percuss megkopogtat
whipping megkorbácsolás
enthrone megkoronáz
wreathe megkoszorúz
relieve megkönnyebbülés
facilitate megkönnyít
unburden megkönnyít
thank megköszön
tier megkötő
tied megkötött
petrifaction megkövesedés
petrous megkövesedett
approach megközelit
unapproachable megközelíthetetlen
accessible megközelíthető
approximate megközelítő
approximative megközelítő
bobbed megkurtított
differentiate megkülönböztet
discriminate megkülönböztet
differentiation megkülönböztetés
discrimination megkülönböztetés
distinction megkülönböztetés
predestinated megkülönböztetett
distinguishable megkülönböztethet
indistinguishable megkülönböztethetetlen
differential megkülönböztető
discriminating megkülönböztető
distinctive megkülönböztető
soften meglágyul
enchain megláncol
descry meglát
loosen meglazít
slacken meglazít
unstring meglazít
unstrung meglazult
possibly! meglehet!
reasonably meglehetősen
astound meglep
scram meglép
vamoose meglép
surprise meglepetés
surprised meglepett
startling meglepő
striking meglepő
stunning meglepő
surprising meglepő
astonish meglepődik
strikingly meglepően
surprisingly meglepően
surprisedly meglepve
lynch meglincsel
elucidate megmagyaráz
explain megmagyaráz
explains megmagyaráz
explicate megmagyaráz
unaccounted megmagyarázatlan
inexplicable megmagyarázhatatlan
unaccountable megmagyarázhatatlan
explainable megmagyarázható
explicable megmagyarázható
explained megmagyarázott
elated megmámorosodott
remaining megmaradó
residual megmaradó
residuary megmaradó
grab megmarkol
scalable megmászható
elude megmenekül
rescue megment
salvage megmentés
salvation megmentés
rescuer megmentő
saver megmentő
savior megmentő
saviour megmentő
unfathomed megméretlen
unplumbed megméretlen
stiffen megmerevít
envenom megmérgez
poisoning megmérgezés
unplumbed megmérhetetlen
modeling megmintázás
modelling megmintázás
agitate megmozgat
unworked megmunkálatlan
unwrought megmunkálatlan
workable megmunkálható
exhibit megmutat
untilled megműveletlen
cultivated megművelt
dampen megnedvesít
moisten megnedvesít
unnameable megnevezhetetlen
view megnézni
grown megnőtt
incrementing megnövelés
augmented megnövelt
enlarged megnövelt
incremented megnövelt
endearing megnyerő
engaging megnyerő
winsome megnyerő
winningly megnyerően
pollard megnyesett
manifestation megnyilatkozás
opens megnyit
opening megnyitás
press megnyom
pressing megnyomás
pressed megnyomott
quieten megnyugtat
reassure megnyugtat
soothe megnyugtat
tranquillize megnyugtat
reassurance megnyugtatás
soothing megnyugtató
flay megnyúz
solve megold
resolution megoldás
solution megoldás
unsolved megoldatlan
inextricable megoldhatatlan
insolvable megoldhatatlan
solvable megoldható
unfreeze megolvad
unfroze megolvadt
liquefy megolvaszt
unfrozen megolvasztott
share megoszt
shares megosztások
shareability megoszthatóság
divided megosztott
shared megosztott
kill megöl
slay megöl
senescence megöregedés
preserve megőriz
preserves megőriz
madden megőrjít
immortalize megörökít
perpetuation megörökítés
recorded megörökített
inherit megörököl
custody megőrzés
preservation megőrzés
preservative megőrző
preserver megőrző
retentive megőrző
depository megőrzőhely
enjoin megparancsol
pat megpaskol
scorch megperzsel
singe megperzsel
singeing megperzselés
scorched megperzselt
behold megpillant
glimpse megpillant
try megpróbál
ordeal megpróbáltatás
masticate megrág
apprehend megragad
seized megragadta
calumniate megrágalmaz
lade megrak
steeve megrak
laded megrakott
laden megrakott
pulled megrángatta
convulse megráz
concussion megrázkódás
convulse megrázkódtat
shocker megrázó
shaken megrázott
bespeak megrendel
cracking megrepedés
intoxicate megrészegít
reprehend megró
storming megrohamozás
addle megrohaszt
impairment megromlás
perish megromlik
impair megrongál
marred megrongált
deteriorate megront
vitiate megront
vitiation megrontás
reprehension megrovás
compulsive megrögzött
confirmed megrögzött
hardcore megrögzött
ingrained megrögzött
ingrown megrögzött
inveterate megrögzött
abridge megrövidít
injured megsebesült
stricken megsebzett
forebode megsejt
foreboding megsejtés
annihilate megsemmisít
exterminate megsemmisít
override megsemmisít
overwhelm megsemmisít
annihilation megsemmisítés
annulment megsemmisítés
destruction megsemmisítés
extermination megsemmisítés
exterminator megsemmisítő
overwhelming megsemmisítő
offend megsért
violate megsért
violation megsértés
violable megsérthető
bemoan megsirat
bewail megsirat
deafen megsüketít
sag megsüllyedés
disembarras megszabadít
rid megszabadít
unchain megszabadít
unloosen megszabadít
ridded megszabadított
riddance megszabadulás
abort megszakít
aborting megszakítás
interrupt megszakítás
trapping megszakítás
interrupts megszakitások
interruptable megszakítható
interruptible megszakítható
intermittent megszakított
obsess megszállott
obsessive megszállott
uncountable megszámlálhatatlan
countable megszámlálható
votable megszavazható
infringe megszeg
breach megszegés
clench megszegez
abash megszégyenít
ashamed megszégyenítve
domestication megszelidítés
tameless megszelídítetlen
untameable megszelídíthetetlen
tamable megszelídíthető
tameable megszelídíthető
impersonate megszemélyesít
personate megszemélyesít
personify megszemélyesít
impersonation megszemélyesítés
personation megszemélyesítés
personification megszemélyesítés
hallow megszentelés
sanctification megszentelés
sainted megszentelt
desecrate megszentségtelenít
desecration megszentségtelenít
endear megszerettet
acquire megszerez
attainable megszerezhető
conducted megszervezett
getting megszerzés
upbraid megszid
consolidation megszilárdítás
solidify megszilárdul
solidification megszilárdulás
wont megszokott
acclimatize megszoktat
aposthrophize megszólít
vocative megszólító
elopement megszökés
abscond megszökik
elope megszökik
escaped megszökött
formulation megszövegezés
sting megszúr
tighten megszűkít
cessation megszűnés
abrogate megszüntet
abolition megszüntetés
filtered megszűrt
disown megtagad
refuse megtagad
repudiate megtagad
denial megtagadás
disavowal megtagadás
renunciation megtagadás
deniable megtagadható
savings megtakarítások
assail megtámad
attact megtámad
unassailable megtámadhatatlan
defeasible megtámadható
voidable megtámadható
propped megtámasztott
con megtanul
fingering megtapogatás
retain megtart
viewing megtekintés
encumber megterhel
starain megterhelés
proselyte megtérít
unlaid megterítetlen
fecundate megtermékenyít
fecundation megtermékenyítés
insemination megtermékenyítés
planned megtervezett
embody megtestesít
incarnate megtestesít
embodiment megtestesülés
incarnation megtestesülés
fob megtéveszt
mystify megtéveszt
delusion megtévesztés
fallacy megtévesztés
misrepresetation megtévesztés
fobb megtévesztett
deceptive megtévesztő
prohibit megtilt
forbid megtiltani
forbade megtiltott
honorific megtisztelő
purify megtisztít
clearance megtisztítás
purifying megtisztítás
purgation megtisztulás
decimate megtizedel
decimation megtizedelés
reprisal megtorlás
retaliation megtorlás
sanction megtorlás
retaliatory megtorló
retributive megtorló
retaliate megtorol
unrevenged megtorolatlan
priming megtöltés
occur megtörténik
occurs megtörténik
occurred megtörtént
knowable megtudható
interlard megtűzdel
regenerate megújít
reformation megújítás
renewal megújítás
renewable megújítható
reformatory megújító
reform megújulás
commemorate megünnepel
solemnize megünnepel
slapped megütött
struck megütött
vitrify megüvegesedik
unanswered megválaszolatlan
unanswerable megválaszolhatatlan
answerable megválaszolható
accomplish megvalósít
actualize megvalósít
attain megvalósít
effectuate megvalósít
materialize megvalósít
realization megvalósítás
impracticable megvalósíthatatlanság
impractical megvalósíthatatlanság
realizable megvalósítható
materialization megvalósulás
unalterable megváltoztathatatlan
unchangeable megváltoztathatatlan
altered megváltoztatott
ironbound megvasalt
ironshod megvasalt
defend megvéd
vindicate megvéd
vindication megvédelmezés
tenable megvédhető
regale megvendégel
belabour megver
discomfit megver
trounce megver
patted megveregetett
trouncing megverés
beaten megvert
bribe megvesztegetés
corruption megvesztegetés
unbribable megvesztegethetetlen
incorruptible megvesztegethetetlenség
corruptible megvesztegethető
venal megvesztegethető
venality megvesztegethetős
despise megvet
warped megvetemedett
contemptible megvetendő
despicable megvetendő
contempt megvetés
disdain megvetés
scorn megvetés
contemptuous megvető
disdainful megvető
scornful megvető
scornfully megvetően
bought megvett
illuminate megvilágít
irradiate megvilágít
exposition megvilágítás
illumination megvilágítás
unexposed megvilágítatlan
discuss megvitat
discussed megvitatott
examine megvizsgál
inspect megvizsgál
triable megvizsgálható
vetted megvizsgált
bewilder megzavar
confound megzavar
perplex megzavar
bewilderment megzavarodás
befuddled megzavarodott
distraught megzavarodott
ascend megy
go megy
goes megy
goto megy
pass megy
county megye
shire megye
morello meggy
deflower meggyaláz
defloration meggyalázás
mourn meggyászol
convince meggyőz
conviction meggyőzés
cogent meggyőző
conclusive meggyőző
demonstrative meggyőző
persuasive meggyőző
ignite meggyújt
inflame meggyújt
kindle meggyújt
kindling meggyújtás
lit meggyújtott
bee méh
womb méh
apiarist méhész
apiary méhészet
wanderlust mehetnék
curettage méhkaparás
beehive méhkaptár
placenta méhlepény
elucidatory mehmagyarázó
beeswax méhviasz
mopish mélabús
hulk melák
molasses melasz
treacle melasz
thermal meleg
warm meleg
warmish meleg
hotbed melegágy
warmly melegen
greenhouse melegház
hothouse melegház
orangery melegház
warming melegítés
tracksuit melegítő
bosom mell
breast mell
bib mellbevarrás
tucker mellbevarrás
nipple mellbimbó
nipples mellbimbók
merrythought mellcsont
equivocate mellébeszél
circumlocution mellébeszélés
blunder melléfogás
balls mellek
accessory mellék
ext. mellék
byplot mellékcselekmény
underplot mellékcselekmény
subjoin mellékel
encl. mellékelve
enclosed mellékelve
annex melléképület
outbuilding melléképület
adventitious mellékes
perks mellékes
subsidiary mellékes
byplay mellékesemény
incidentally mellékesen
avocation mellékfoglalkoz
bayou mellékfolyó
smack mellékíz
diacritic mellékjel
diacritical mellékjel
connotation mellékjelentés
perquisite mellékjövedelem
appendix melléklet
supplement melléklet
parhelion melléknap
adjective melléknév
bypath mellékösvény
byway mellékút
crossroads mellékút
siding mellékvágány
bodice mellény
jerkin mellény
waistcoat mellény
beside mellett
by mellett
near mellett
pleura mellhártya
thorax mellkas
thoracic mellkasi
stomacher mellkendő
ignoring mellőzés
unheeded mellőzött
unnoticed mellőzött
pectoral mellső
forefoot mellsőláb
foreleg mellsőláb
bra melltartó
brassiere melltartó
fibula melltű
breastwork mellvéd
corselet mellvéd
corslet mellvéd
toiler melós
appreciative méltányló
equity méltányosság
inequitable méltánytalan
undeserving méltatlan
unworthy méltatlan
indignity méltatlanság
worthily méltóképpen
dignitary méltóság
dignity méltóság
dignified méltóságteljes
lordly méltóságteljes
deign méltóztatik
deep mély
deeper mélyebb
deeply mélyen
freezer mélyhűtő
which? melyik?
photogravure mélynyom
gravure mélynyomás
nadir mélypont
thorough mélyreható
abyss mélység
deepness mélység
depth mélység
profoundness mélység
profundity mélység
deeply mélységesen
deepen mélyül
membrane membrán
memory memória
scuttlebutt mendemonda
shelter menedék
hospice menedékház
asylum menedékhely
harborage menedékszállás
harbourage menedékszállás
manager menedzser
flee menekül
escape menekülés
getaway menekülés
runaway menekülés
scuttle menekülés
refugee menekült
marching menetelés
marcher menetelő
dispatcher menetirányító
schedule menetrend
timetable menetrend
scheduled menetrendszerű
asylum menhely
goer menő
menstruate menstruál
devoid ment
save ment
saving ment
went ment
mentality mentalitás
along mentében
palliate menteget
palliation mentegetés
apologize mentegetődzik
devoid mentes
immune mentes
untinged mentes
archiving mentés
salvage mentés
saving mentés
exemption mentesség
saved mentett
menthol mentol
mentholated mentolos
rescuer mentő
ambulance mentőautó
menu menü
minuet menüett
menus menük
bride menyasszony
fiancée menyasszony
weasel menyét
heaven menny
thunder mennydörgés
thundering mennydörgő
celestial mennyei
heavenly mennyei
unearthly mennyei
canopy mennyezet
amount mennyiség
quanta mennyiség
quantity mennyiség
quantum mennyiség
quantitative mennyiségi
thunderbolt mennykő
zion menyország
weigh mér
acclivity meredek
arduous meredek
escarpment meredek
precipitous meredek
steep meredek
steepen meredekedik
precipitousness meredekség
steepness meredekség
poison méreg
toxin méreg
upas méreg
venom méreg
toxin méreganyag
toxicology méregtan
spitfire méregzsák
gaging mérés
gauging mérés
mensuration mérés
weighing mérés
bold merész
daring merész
hardy merész
intrepid merész
plucky merész
presumptuous merész
dared merészelt
durst merészelt
boldly merészen
boldness merészség
hardihood merészség
hardiness merészség
intrepidity merészség
dimensions méret
size méret
proportions méretek
sizes méretek
unmeasured méretlen
rigid merev
stark merev
stiff merev
stiffish merev
unbending merev
unyielding merev
stiffly mereven
stiffener merevítő
winchester merevlemez
rigidity merevség
stiffness merevség
mile mérföld
miles mérföldek
milestone mérföldkő
venomous mérges
toadstool mérgesgomba
poisoning mérgezés
poisoner mérgező
poisonous mérgező
toxic mérgező
immeasurable mérhetelen
vastly mérhetelenül
fathomless mérhetetlen
measureless mérhetetlen
hugeness mérhetetlenség
vastness mérhetetlenség
measurable mérhető
mensurable mérhető
merino merinójuh
ladle merítőkanál
scales mérleg
ponderable mérlegelhető
seesaw mérleghinta
dare merni
engineer mérnök
engineers mérnökök
gauge mérőeszköz
dipper merőkanál
ladle merőkanál
ladleful merőkanálnyi
calliper mérőkörző
perpendicular merőleges
tester mérőműszer
meter mérőóra
mitigate mérsékel
moderate mérsékelt
temperately mérsékelten
restrained mérséklelt
moderation mérséklet
pluck mersz
because mert
geometry mértan
geometric mértani
geometrical mértani
degree mérték
measure mérték
measurement mérték
troy mérték
abstemious mértékletes
continent mértékletes
temperate mértékletes
continence mértékletesség
temperance mértékletesség
temperateness mértékletesség
intemperate mértéktelen
intemperance mértéktelenség
exorbitance mértéktelensés
authoritative mérvadó
fable mese
story mese
fabled mesebeli
fudge mesebeszéd
fabulist meseíró
taleteller mesemondó
fabulous mesés
messiah messiás
master mester
craftsman mesterember
girder mestergerenda
masterful mesteri
masterly mesteri
manipulation mesterkedés
unconstrained mesterkéletlen
unconventional mesterkéletlen
affected mesterkélt
factitious mesterkélt
histrionical mesterkélt
prim mesterkélt
sophisticated mesterkélt
stilted mesterkélt
studied mesterkélt
primly mesterkélten
preciosity mesterkéltség
stiltedness mesterkéltség
marksman mesterlövész
artwork mestermunka
masterpiece mestermű
artifical mesterséges
artificial mesterséges
synthetic mesterséges
synthetical mesterséges
lime mész
butchery mészárlás
massacre mészárlás
slaughterer mészáros
slaughterman mészáros
whitewash meszelés
whiting mészfesték
limestone mészkő
afar messze
far messze
faraway messzi
mestizo mesztic
metaphysics metafizika
metaphysical metafizikai
rounders métajáték
methane metán
noodles metélt
meteor meteor
meteorite meteor
meteorology meteorológia
meteorological meteorológiai
meteorologist meteorológus
weatherman meteorológus
metre méter
methyl metil
metrics metrika
subway metró
metronome metronóm
cross metsz
incision metszés
pruning metszés
incisive metsző
incisor metszőfog
clippers metszőolló
secateurs metszőolló
secant metszővonal
mexico mexikó
honey méz
mellifluous mézédes
honeyed mézes
mellifluous mézes
honeymoon mézeshetek
gingerbread mézeskalács
honeydew mézharmat
bare mezítelen
nudity mezítelenség
barefoot mezítláb
barefooted mezítlábas
unshod mezítlábas
field mező
agriculture mezőgazdaság
agrarian mezőgazdasági
agricultural mezőgazdasági
fields mezők
fieldname mezőnév
fielder mezőnyjátékos
fieldsman mezőnyjátékos
naked meztelen
nude meztelen
unclad meztelen
unclothed meztelen
undraped meztelen
bareness meztelenség
nakedness meztelenség
stripped meztelenül
rand mezsgye
mead mézsör
we mi
what mi
what? mi?
while mialatt
whilst mialatt
wherein? miben?
whereby? miből?
whereof? miből?
what's micsoda
ere mielőtt
ours mienk
why miért
wherefore? miért?
why? miért?
megrim migrén
migraine migrén
when? mikor?
micro mikro
microbe mikróba
microbiology mikrobiológia
microphotograph mikrofénykép
microfilm mikrofilm
microphone mikrofon
mike mikrofon
microwawe mikrohullám
needlecord mikrokord
microcosm mikrokozmosz
micrometer mikrométer
micron mikron
microprocessor mikroprocesszor
microseconds mikroszekundum
microscope mikroszkóp
microscopical mikroszkópikus
poinsettia mikulásvirág
millennium mileneum
militiaman milicista
milliard milliárd
milligram milligramm
milligramme milligramm
milliliter milliliter
millilitre milliliter
millimeter milliméter
millimetre milliméter
million millió
millionth milliomodik
millionaire milliomos
milliseconds milliszekundum
mimicry mimika
whereat? min?
minaret minaret
nevertheless mindamelett
nonetheless mindazonáltal
each mindegyik
every minden
everything minden
factotum mindenes
leastways mindenesetre
omnivorous mindenevő
almighty mindenható
omnipotent mindenható
everywhere mindenhol
everybody mindenki
everyone mindenki
everyday mindennapi
quotidian mindennapi
hallowmas mindenszentek
omniscient mindentudó
polymath mindentudó
always mindig
e'er mindig
evermore mindig
increasingly mindinkább
both mindkét
throughout mindvégig
miniature miniatűr
minimal minimális
minimize minimalizál
minimum minimum
miniskirt miniszoknya
minister miniszter
undersecretary miniszterhelyettes
ministry minisztérium
minicab minitaxi
quality minőség
qualitative minőségi
qualify minősíteni
qualifier minősítő
as mint
qua mint
than mint
paradigm minta
pattern minta
sample minta
template mintasablon
templet mintasablon
salesroom mintaterem
sampling mintavétel
modeling mintázás
modelling mintázás
markings mintázat
modeller mintázó
molder mintázó
whereas minthogy
minus mínusz
whereupon mire
whereon? mire?
myrtle mirtusz
missal misekönyv
mishmash mismás
mysticism misztika
arcane misztikus
modeler mitázó
blackhead mitesszer
mythology mitológia
myth mítosz
pipsqueak mitugrász
wherewith? mivel?
forasmuch mivelhogy
budge moccan
bog mocsár
fen mocsár
marsh mocsár
swamp mocsár
boggy mocsaras
marshy mocsaras
sloughy mocsaras
swampy mocsaras
ague mocsárláz
marshland mocsárvidék
moorland mocsárvidék
snuffy mocskos
sordid mocskos
muckiness mocskosság
grime mocsok
manner mód
mode mód
model modell
sitter modell
models modellek
modem modem
modern modern
modes módok
manners modor
frills modorosság
mannerism modorosság
bounder modortalan
mannerless modortalan
unmannerly modortalan
modifies modósít
modify módosít
revise módosít
amendment módosítás
modification módosítás
modifying módosítás
revision módosítás
modified módosított
revised módosított
manner módszer
method módszer
technique módszer
methods módszerek
techniques módszerek
methodical módszeres
systematic módszeres
methodology módszertan
module modul
modulation moduláció
modulate modulál
modulename modulnév
modules modulok
bearish mogorva
crabbed mogorva
gruff mogorva
morose mogorva
sullen mogorva
surly mogorva
gruffly mogorván
sullenly mogorván
surlily mogorván
crossness mogorvaság
grouch mogorvaság
gruffness mogorvaság
sullennes mogorvaság
filbert mogyoró
hazel mogyoróbokor
scallion mogyoróhagyma
shallot mogyoróhagyma
moss moha
mossy mohás
mohair moher
avid mohó
greedy mohó
piggy mohó
greedily mohón
avidity mohóság
covetousness mohóság
eagerness mohóság
greed mohóság
greediness mohóság
drollery móka
jollity móka
spunky mokány
moccasin mokasszin
skylarking mókázás
mocha mokkakávé
chipmunk mókus
squirrel mókus
molecule molekula
molecular molekuláris
harass molesztál
miller molnár
jetty móló
pier móló
moth moly
mothy molyos
monarchy monarchia
monarchic monarchikus
monarchical monarchikus
saith mond
say mond
sayeth mond
says mond
saga monda
mythological mondabeli
saying mondás
sentence mondat
syntax mondattan
syntactic mondattani
syntactical mondattani
syntactically mondattanilag
told mondta
mongoose mongúz
monitor monitor
mono mono
monograph monográfia
monocle monokli
monolith monolit
soliloquy monológ
monologize monologizál
soliloquize monologizál
monopoly monopólium
monoxide monoxid
monsoon monszun
montage montázs
moped moped
boom moraj
hum moraj
murmur moraj
rumble moraj
boom morajlás
murmur morajlás
morbid morbid
blunderbuss mordály
moraine moréna
morphine morfin
morphinist morfinista
morphia morfium
growl morgás
grumbling morgás
muttering morgás
griping morgolódás
muttering mormogás
marmot mormota
mormota mormota
woodchuck mormota
grumble morog
morse morze
tapper morzebillentyű
crumb morzsa
morsel morzsa
trituration morzsolás
lave mos
lavage mosás
wash mosás
washing mosás
washfast mosásálló
washup mosdás
unwashed mosdatlan
lavatory mosdó
toilet mosdó
washable mosható
hogwash moslék
pigswill moslék
pigwash moslék
washer mosó
laundry mosoda
mopping mosogatás
scullery mosogató
dishpan mosogatódézsa
scullion mosogatófiú
scullery mosogatóhelyiség
dishcloth mosogatórongy
dishrag mosogatórongy
mop mosogatórongy
smile mosoly
smiling mosolygó
smiling mosolygós
raccoon mosómedve
racoon mosómedve
laundress mosónő
washerwoman mosónő
detergent mosószer
now most
nowadays mostanában
recently mostanában
stepmother mostohaanya
stepfather mostohaapa
stepson mostohafiú
stepbrother mostohafivér
stepchild mostohagyerek
stepchild mostohagyermek
stepdaughter mostohalány
stepsister mostohanővér
motel motel
motif motívum
motocross motocross
engine motor
motor motor
cowling motorburkolat
motorboat motorcsónak
dynamotor motorgenerátor
bonnet motorháztető
motorization motorizálás
motorbike motorkerékpár
motorcycle motorkerékpár
motorcyclist motorkerékpáros
engined motoros
powered motoros
snowmobile motorosszán
fumble motoszkál
hank motring
mumble motyog
mutter motyog
mosaic mozaik
tesselated mozaik
tessellation mozaik
identikit mozaikkép
tesselated mozaikpadló
acronym mozaikszó
immovable mozdíthatatlan
locomotive mozdony
immobile mozdulatlan
motionless mozdulatlan
unmoved mozdulatlan
unmoving mozdulatlan
immobility mozdulatlanság
standstill mozdulatlanság
moses mózes
bassinet mózeskosár
locomotion mozgás
motion mozgás
movement mozgás
kinetic mozgási
motility mozgásképesség
immobilized mozgásképtelen
agitate mozgat
moves mozgat
propel mozgat
moving mozgatás
movable mozgatható
moveable mozgatható
motory mozgató
moved mozgatott
brisk mozgékony
mercurial mozgékony
slippy mozgékony
mobility mozgékonyság
mobile mozgó
derrick mozgódaru
speedwalk mozgójárda
bookmobile mozgókönyvtár
escalator mozgólépcső
mobilize mozgósít
mobilization mozgósítás
cinema mozi
move mozog
momentum mozzanat
pestle mozsártörő
behind mögött
sec mp
muff muff
transient mulandó
temporal múlandó
transience mulandóság
transiency mulandóság
defaulter mulasztó
carouse mulat
razzle mulatás
revel mulatozás
reveler mulatozó
merriment mulatság
spree mulatság
mulatto mulatt
divert mulattat
deciduous múlékony
fugitive múlékony
fleeting múló
temporal múló
past múlt
preterit múlt
preterite múlt
multimillionaire multimilliomos
parotitis mumpsz
mumps mumsz
bugaboo mumus
bugbear mumus
labor munka
labour munka
work munka
desktop munkaasztal
worktop munkaasztal
desktops munkaasztalok
workpiece munkadarab
workbook munkafüzet
workplace munkahely
works munkák
disabled munkaképtelen
worksheet munkalap
employer munkáltató
workaholic munkamániás
jobless munkanélküli
unemployed munkanélküli
workless munkanélküli
unemployment munkanélküliség
dungarees munkaruha
laborer munkás
labourer munkás
worker munkás
workwoman munkásnő
labourite munkáspárti
workpeople munkásság
logistic munkaszerezési
workmates munkatársak
bract murva
rubble murva
geranium muskátli
pelargonium muskátli
musket muskéta
musketeer muskétás
muscatel muskotály
midge muslica
mustard mustár
muster mustra
show mutat
shew mutatni
index mutató
pointer mutató
indexes mutatók
indicators mutatók
pointers mutatók
flashy mutatós
showy mutatós
specious mutatós
showily mutatósan
showiness mutatósság
showed mutatott
shown mutatott
forefinger mutatóujj
expose mutogat
museology muzeológia
museologist muzeológus
museum muzeum
plastic műanyag
plastics műanyagok
leatherette műbőr
connoisseur műértő
workshop műhely
sputnik műhold
icerink műjégpálya
virtu műkedvelés
dilettante műkedvelő
topiary műkertészi
functional működési
#NÉV? működésű
operate működik
operates működnek
active működő
ran működtet
operable működtethető
rayon műselyem
programme műsor
emcee műsorvezető
presenter műsorvezető
engineering műszaki
poly műszaki
polytechnic műszaki
technologic műszaki
technological műszaki
artificer műszerész
atelier műterem
artifact műtermék
surgically műtétileg
cultivate művel
operation művelet
operations műveletek
tillable művelhető
accomplished művelt
cultivated művelt
cultured művelt
causative műveltető
cultivation műveltség
erudition műveltség
literacy műveltség
artist művész
art művészet
arts művészetek
artistic művészi
artistry művésziesség
inartistic művészietlen
overman művezető
nabob nábob
nazi náci
nationalist nacionalista
nationalism nacionalizmus
nazism nácizmus
cane nád
reed nád
reedy nádas
thatcher nádazó
cattail nádbuzogány
thatched nádfedeles
palatine nádor
ferule nádpálca
rattan nádpálma
trouser nadrág
trousers nadrág
trousering nadráganyag
pantsuit nadrágkosztüm
trousered nadrágos
braces nadrágtartó
suspender nadrágtartó
thatch nádtető
naphtalene naftalin
big nagy
great nagy
grandmother nagyanya
grandam nagyanyó
grandfather nagyapa
grandsire nagyapa
uncle nagybácsi
uppercase nagybetű
hunk nagydarab
tambour nagydob
intense nagyfokú
blatant nagyhangú
granny nagyi
enlarge nagyít
magnify nagyít
enlargement nagyítás
magnification nagyítás
enlarger nagyítógép
magnifier nagyítóüveg
bibber nagyivó
broadly nagyjában
roughly nagyjából
overhaul nagyjavítás
overcoat nagykabát
topcoat nagykabát
opinionated nagyképű
pompous nagyképű
pomposity nagyképűség
pompousness nagyképűség
pontificate nagyképűsködik
wholesale nagykereskedelmi
wholesaler nagykereskedő
snickersnee nagykés
ambassador nagykövet
ambassadress nagykövetnő
embassy nagykövetség
mogul nagykutya
mugwump nagykutya
nobly nagylekűen
bountiful nagylelkű
generous nagylelkű
generosity nagylelkűség
generousness nagylelkűség
magnanimity nagylelkűség
grandma nagymama
grannie nagymama
greatly nagymértékben
aunt nagynéni
bigger nagyobb
greater nagyobb
larger nagyobb
heavily nagyon
highly nagyon
immensely nagyon
mighty nagyon
very nagyon
grandaddy nagypapa
grandpa nagypapa
bigness nagyság
greatness nagyság
magnitude nagyság
sized nagyságú
oner nagyszabású
bravely nagyszerű
gorgeous nagyszerű
grandiose nagyszerű
great nagyszerű
splendid nagyszerű
stunner nagyszerű
superb nagyszerű
capitally nagyszerűen
gorgeousness nagyszerűség
grandeur nagyszerűség
grandness nagyszerűség
grandparents nagyszülők
erudite nagytudású
liberality nagyvonalúság
guileless naiv
unsophisticated naiv
naive naív
naivety naivitás
day nap
solar nap
sun nap
sunfast napálló
sunproof napálló
napalm napalm
suntan napbarna
sunburnt napbarnított
suntanned napbarnított
tanned napbarnított
equinox napéjegyenlőség
visor napellenző
vizor napellenző
parasol napernyő
sunshade napernyő
daylight napfény
sunlight napfény
sunshiny napfényes
sunless napfénytelen
solstice napforduló
sunbath napfürdő
daily napi
gazette napilap
agenda napirend
sunrise napkelte
corona napkorona
perigelion napközel
sundown naplemente
sunset naplemente
diary napló
journal napló
diarist naplóíró
idler naplopó
layabout naplopó
lounger naplopó
slug naplopó
days napok
diurnal naponkénti
sundial napóra
sunlit napos
sunny napos
sunbathing napozás
sunbathe napozik
sunned napozott
daytime nappal
ecliptic nappálya
heliotrope napraforgó
sunflower napraforgó
turnsole napraforgó
sunbeam napsugár
sunshine napsütés
journeyman napszámos
sunglasses napszemüveg
sunstroke napszúrás
sunstruck napszúrásos
calendar naptár
orange narancs
orangeade narancsszörp
daffodil nárcisz
narcissus nárcisz
junkie narkós
junky narkós
loquat naspolya
medlar naspolya
pinnace naszád
sloop naszád
groomsman násznagy
sniffles nátha
dengue náthaláz
natrium nátrium
sodium nátrium
navigate navigál
navigates navigál
navigation navigálás
navigator navigátor
sap nedv
dank nedves
humid nedves
soggy nedves
wet nedves
wetter nedvesebb
wetting nedvesítés
wetted nedvesített
humidity nedvesség
moisture nedvesség
wetness nedvesség
hygroscopic nedvszívó
negative negativ
negro néger
nigger néger
four négy
quarter negyed
quarterly negyedévenkénti
quarterly negyedévi
fourth negyedik
quarto negyedrét
fourthly negyedszer
fourthly negyedszerre
quadroon negyedvér
quartet négyes
quartette négyes
quaternary négyes
scrabble négykézláb
quadruped négylábú
fourpenny négypennys
fourfold négyszeres
quadruple négyszeres
quadruplicate négyszeres
fourfold négyszeresen
quad négyszög
quadrangle négyszög
quadrilateral négyszög
tetragon négyszög
squarish négyszögletes
terragonal négyszögletes
quadrangular négyszögű
tetrameter négyütemű
forty negyven
fortieth negyvenedik
quadragenarian negyvenes
quadragenarian negyvenéves
quadrat négyzet
sometimes néha
whilom néhai
few néhány
some néhány
arduous nehéz
burdensome nehéz
difficult nehéz
heavy nehéz
laboured nehéz
ponderous nehéz
dunce nehézfejű
dunderhead nehézfejű
halting nehézkes
hulking nehézkes
laboured nehézkes
ponderous nehézkes
tardigrade nehézkes
uneasy nehézkes
tardily nehézkesen
tardiness nehézkesség
resent neheztel
dudgeon neheztelés
grudge neheztelés
pique neheztelés
resentment neheztelés
resentful neheztelő
difficulty nehézség
hardship nehézség
heaviness nehézség
heavyweight nehézsúly
heavyweight nehézsúlyú
lest nehogy
nectar nektár
us nekünk
we'd nekünk
sans nélkül
sine nélkül
whitout nélkül
deprivation nélkülözés
indispensable nélkülözhetetlen
indispensability nélkülözhetetlenség
dispensable nélkülözhető
aren't nem
didn't nem
gender nem
genera nem
isn't nem
non nem
not nem
sex nem
shan't nem
won't nem
dumb néma
mute néma
mime némajáték
mummery némajáték
mummer némajátékos
dumbness némaság
muteness némaság
inconvertible nemátváltható
noble nemes
patrician nemes
nobleman nemesember
patrician nemesi
sublimate nemesít
sublimation nemesítés
nobility nemesség
german német
germany németország
genital nemi
sexual nemi
veneral nemi
sexually nemileg
slightly némileg
sexuality nemiség
displeasure nemtetszés
nonchalant nemtörődöm
nonchalance nemtörődömség
generation nemzedék
procreation nemzés
progeniture nemzés
nation nemzet
national nemzeti
gentilitial nemzetiségi
international nemzetközi
internationalism nemzetköziség
genus nemzetség
clan nemzettség
generative nemző
neolith neolit
neolithic neolitikus
neon neon
folk nép
demagogy népámítás
demagog népámító
demagogue népámító
minstrelsy népdalgyűjtemény
peoples népek
populous népes
folksy népies
ethnography néprajz
ethnographer néprajztudós
plebiscite népszavazás
referendum népszavazás
popular népszerű
popularity népszerűség
popularize népszerűsít
popularization népszerűsítés
propagation népszerűsítés
unpopular népszerűtlen
unpopularity népszerűtlenség
populace néptömeg
tribe néptörzs
mink nerc
peradventure netalán
perchance netalán
net nettó
neutron neutron
name név
misnomer névcsere
names nevek
nurture nevelés
training nevelés
upbringing nevelés
educational nevelési
pedagogical nevelési
pedagogy neveléstan
underbred neveletlen
misbehavior neveletlenség
misbehaviour neveletlenség
educator nevelő
preceptor nevelő
governess nevelőnő
bred nevelt
par névérték
renowned neves
titled neves
laugh nevet
laughter nevetés
laughing nevető
ridicule nevetség
farcical nevetséges
laughable nevetséges
ludicrous nevetséges
ridiculous nevetséges
risible nevetséges
undignified nevetséges
remarkable nevezetes
namely nevezetesen
named nevezett
said nevezett
yclept nevezett
denominator nevező
monogram névjel
nominal névleges
titular névleges
pronoun névmás
pronominal névmási
namesake névrokon
roster névsor
shingle névtábla
anonymous névtelen
nameless névtelen
unnamed névtelen
anonymity névtelenség
look néz
looks néz
disagreement nézeteltérés
dissidence nézeteltérés
looked nézett
onlooker néző
spectator néző
viewer néző
darky nigger
nickel nikkel
nicotone nikotin
nymph nimfa
nymphomanya nimfománia
ain't nincs
hasn't nincs
haven't nincs
nitrogen nitrogén
nitrogenous nitrogénes
though noha
nomad nomád
nomadic nomád
norm norma
predicting normál
normal normális
normally normálisan
normalize normalizál
norwegian norvég
norway norvégia
nostalgia nosztalgia
nostalgic nosztalgikus
notebook notesz
nov. nov.
november november
novocaine novokain
lovelace nőcsábász
masher nőcsábász
gynaecologist nőgyógyász
gynecologist nőgyógyász
gynaecology nőgyógyászat
gynecology nőgyógyászat
gynaecological nőgyógyászati
gynecological nőgyógyászati
misogyny nőgyűlölet
misogynist nőgyűlölő
female női
lady's női
woman's női
women's női
effeminate nőies
feminine nőies
ladylike nőies
womanish nőies
womanlike nőies
womanly nőies
effeminacy nőiesség
womanliness nőiesség
kinswoman nőrokon
kinswomen nőrokonok
jenny nőstény
orris nőszirom
celibate nőtlen
unmarried nőtlen
celibacy nőtlenség
accretion növekedés
growth növekedés
increase növekedés
thriven növekedett
throve növekednek
increment növekmény
accrue növekszik
rise növekszik
thrive növekszik
ascendant növekvő
ascendent növekvő
augment növel
augmentation növelés
enhancement növelés
expansion növelés
augmented növelt
plant növény
vegetable növény
herbivorous növényevő
vegetarian növényevő
herbarium növénygyűjtemény
vegetal növényi
botany növénytan
botanical növénytani
herbaria növénytár
flora növényvilág
greenery növényzet
vegetation növényzet
sister nővér
growth növés
wenching nőzés
womanize nőzik
naturist nudista
nudist nudista
naturism nudizmus
nudism nudizmus
nougat nugát
nuclear nukleáris
cipher nulla
nil nulla
zero nulla
clipper nullásgép
nuncio nuncius
nutria nutria
bleat nyafog
mewl nyafog
pule nyafog
snivell nyafog
yammer nyafog
grizzle nyafogás
snivel nyafogás
whine nyafogás
sniveler nyafogó
sniveller nyafogó
affable nyájas
bland nyájas
suave nyájas
suavity nyájasság
neck nyak
neckwear nyakbavaló
jugular nyaki
gangling nyakigláb
neckcloth nyakkendő
necktie nyakkendő
stickpin nyakkendőtű
neckline nyakkivágás
necklace nyaklánc
necklet nyaklánc
torticollis nyakmerevség
occipital nyakszirt
occiput nyakszirt
wryneck nyaktekercs
guillotine nyaktiló
breakneck nyaktörő
lick nyal
drool nyál
saliva nyál
cluster nyaláb
sheaf nyaláb
truss nyaláb
armful nyalábnyi
salivation nyáladzás
salivate nyáladzik
goody nyalánkság
adulation nyalás
licking nyalás
mucilage nyálka
mucus nyálka
mucilaginous nyálkás
mucous nyálkás
mucosity nyálkásság
lapping nyaló
licker nyaló
lollipop nyalóka
lolly nyalóka
lapped nyalt
salivary nyáltermelő
sprat nyápic
summer nyár
holidays nyaralás
cottager nyaraló
villa nyaraló
bungalow nyaralóház
cottonwood nyárfa
poplar nyárfa
aestival nyári
summer nyári
summerly nyárias
summery nyárias
skewer nyárs
turnspit nyársforgató
lowbrow nyárspolgár
philistine nyárspolgár
philistine nyárspolgári
mew nyávog
waul nyávog
miaow nyávogás
swallow nyel
haft nyél
helve nyél
language nyelv
tongue nyelv
nyelv1 nyelv2
solecism nyelvbotlás
uvula nyelvcsap
uvular nyelvcsapi
languages nyelvek
grammarian nyelvész
linguist nyelvész
philologist nyelvész
linguistic nyelvészeti
philological nyelvészeti
idiom nyelvezet
lingual nyelvi
grammar nyelvtan
grammatical nyelvtani
crackjaw nyelvtörő
linguistics nyelvtudomány
philology nyelvtudomány
neologism nyelvújítás
win nyer
saddle nyereg
winning nyerés
acquisition nyereség
gainings nyereség
gains nyereség
winnings nyereség
lucrative nyerészkedő
profiteer nyerészkedő
semitrailer nyergesvontató
neigh nyerít
neigh nyerítés
whinny nyerítés
gainer nyerő
brusque nyers
crude nyers
raw nyers
uncooked nyers
crudity nyersesség
won nyert
winner nyertes
pare nyes
prune nyes
loppings nyesedék
marten nyest
houyhnhnm nyihaha
squeak nyikkan
squeak nyikkanás
creak nyikorgás
creaky nyikorgós
arrow nyíl
arrows nyilak
aperture nyílás
hatch nyílás
orifice nyílás
slot nyílás
vent nyílás
declaration nyilatkozat
crossbow nyílpuska
baldly nyíltan
declarative nyíltan
declaredly nyíltan
openly nyíltan
overtly nyíltan
plainly nyíltan
openness nyíltság
plainnes nyíltság
publicly nyilvánosan
registry nyilvántartó
apparently nyilvánvaló
conspicuous nyilvánvaló
evident nyilvánvaló
manifest nyilvánvaló
obvious nyilvánvaló
obviously nyilvánvaló
overt nyilvánvaló
patent nyilvánvaló
apparently nyilvánvalóan
obviously nyilvánvalóan
patently nyilvánvalóan
shear nyír
shearings nyiradék
shearing nyírás
birch nyírfa
clammy nyirkos
damp nyirkos
moist nyirkos
dampness nyirkosság
lymph nyirok
lymphocyte nyiroksejt
sheares nyíróolló
shorn nyírott
sheared nyírt
snip nyisszantás
overture nyitány
opener nyitó
open nyitott
opened nyitott
caterwaul nyivákol
caterwauling nyivákolás
nylon nylon
nylons nylonharisnya
eight nyolc
eighth nyolcadik
octavo nyolcadrét
eights nyolcas
eighty nyolcvan
fourscore nyolcvan
eightieth nyolcvanadik
octogenarian nyolcvanéves
eightfold nyolcszoros
eightfold nyolcszorosan
octosyllabic nyolcszótagú
octagon nyolcszög
octagonal nyolcszögű
presses nyom
spoor nyom
trace nyom
trail nyom
pressure nyomás
decompressor nyomáscsökkentő
manometer nyomásmérő
depressing nyomasztó
oppressive nyomasztó
emphasis nyomaték
pointedly nyomatékkal
emphatic nyomatékos
emphatically nyomatékosan
typographic nyomdai
typographer nyomdász
typography nyomdászat
typographical nyomdászati
pressman nyomdáwsz
debug nyomkövetés
debugging nyomkövetés
trailing nyomkövetés
penury nyomor
privation nyomor
crippled nyomorék
deformed nyomorék
cripple nyomorít
slum nyomornegyed
slums nyomornegyed
rookery nyomortanya
godforsaken nyomorult
wretch nyomorult
beggary nyomorúság
penury nyomorúság
beggarly nyomorúságos
investigate nyomoz
detective nyomozó
investigator nyomozó
tracker nyomozó
track nyomsáv
print nyomtat
prints nyomtat
types nyomtat
printing nyomtatás
printable nyomtatható
printer nyomtató
printers nyomtatók
printed nyomtatott
typed nyomtatott
typing nyomtatott
bridesmaid nyoszolyólány
groan nyögés
whimper nyöszörgés
ret. nyug.
easeful nyugalmas
quiescent nyugalmas
restful nyugalmas
emeritus nyugalmazott
superannuated nyugalmazott
calmness nyugalom
equanimity nyugalom
quiescence nyugalom
quietness nyugalom
serenity nyugalom
stillness nyugalom
occident nyugat
west nyugat
occidental nyugati
westering nyugati
westerly nyugati
western nyugati
westerner nyugati
westward nyugatra
retd. nyugd.
pension nyugdíj
pensionary nyugdíjas
pensioner nyugdíjas
retired nyugdíjas
retire nyugdíjaz
superannuate nyugdíjaz
retirement nyugdíjazás
superannuation nyugdíjazás
pensionable nyugdíjjogosult
quiet nyugodt
sedate nyugodt
serene nyugodt
tranquil nyugodt
unruffled nyugodt
quietly nyugodtan
receipt nyugta
voucher nyugta
fidgety nyugtalan
restless nyugtalan
unquiet nyugtalan
unrestful nyugtalan
fidget nyugtalankodik
commotion nyugtalanság
restlessness nyugtalanság
turmoil nyugtalanság
uneasiness nyugtalanság
unrest nyugtalanság
concernedly nyugtalanul
sedative nyugtató
soothing nyugtató
tranquillizer nyugtató
acknowledge nyugtáz
ack nyugtázás
static nyugvó
afford nyújt
offers nyújt
stretcher nyújtó
tensile nyújtó
cony nyúl
hare nyúl
leveret nyulacska
conies nyulak
scut nyúlfarok
ropy nyúlós
ropiness nyúlósság
lanky nyurga
bunny nyuszi
rabbit nyuszi
flay nyúz
skinning nyúzás
skinner nyúzó
pest nyűg
trammel nyűg
pullulation nyüzsgés
pullulate nyüzsög
o o
oasis oázis
obelisk obeliszk
hautboy oboa
oboe oboa
filibuster obstrukció
ocean óceán
oceanic óceáni
oceania oceánia
liner óceánjáró
ocelot ocelot
belittle ócsárol
revile ócsárol
squalid ocsmány
foulness ocsmányság
thither oda
ode óda
devote odaad
devoted odaadó
belay odaerősít
adjudge odaitél
snuggle odasimul
adhesion odatapadás
lair odú
optative óhajtó
cause ok
puke okád
vomit okádás
okapi okapi
flageolet okarina
dialectics okfejtés
document okirat
documentary okirati
muniments okiratok
ocher okker
ochre okker
ocher okkersárga
ochre okkersárga
cert. oklevél
chartered okleveles
brainy okos
canny okos
clever okos
sapient okos
argumentative okoskodó
smarty okoskodó
astuteness okosság
prudence okosság
sapience okosság
shrewdness okosság
cause okoz
engender okoz
infliction okozás
causal okozati
caused okozott
irrational okszerűtlen
oct. okt.
octahedron oktaéder
unreasoning oktalan
octane oktán
edify oktat
educate oktat
instruct oktat
education oktatás
tuition oktatás
tutorials oktatások
didactic oktató
instructor oktató
tutor oktató
tutorial oktatói
octave oktáv
octet oktett
octette oktett
october október
perforce okvetlenül
causality okviszony
oil olaj
oilman olajkereskedő
oleograph olajnyomat
oily olajos
oleaginous olajos
oilily olajosan
oiliness olajosság
lubrication olajozás
oiler olajozó
oilcan olajozókanna
oilcake olajpogácsa
lubricator olajzó
olivaceous olajzöld
slink ólálkodik
slunk ólálkodik
italian olasz
italy olaszország
cheap olcsó
cheaper olcsóbb
cheapness olcsóság
facet oldal
page oldal
side oldal
flitch oldalas
sidelight oldalfény
aisie oldalhajó
triforium oldalkarzat
sidestep oldallépés
sidle oldalog
laterally oldalról
sidewards oldalról
sideways oldalról
lateral oldalsó
sideward oldalsó
sideburns oldalszakál
sideboards oldalszakáll
#NÉV? oldalú
edgeways oldalvást
edgewise oldalvást
haversack oldalzsák
tincture oldat
indissoluble oldhatatlan
insoluble oldhatatlan
soluble oldható
solubility oldhatóság
solvability oldhatóság
dissoluble oldódó
dissolvent oldószer
oleander oleánder
olympics olimpia
olympic olimpiai
olive oliva
scissors olló
plagiarize ollóz
scissor ollóz
plagiarist ollózó
leaded ólmos
cosh ólmosbot
leaden ólom
plummet ólom
livid ólomkék
slake olt
screening oltalmazás
altar oltár
eucharist oltáriszentség
inoculation oltás
vaccination oltás
unslaked oltatlan
inextinguishable olthatatlan
unquenchable olthatatlan
vaccine oltóanyag
dissolve olvad
melt olvad
thaw olvadás
fusible olvadékony
liquescent olvadó
melting olvadó
molten olvadt
read olvas
reads olvas
reading olvasás
unread olvasatlan
illegible olvashatatlan
unreadable olvashatatlan
illegibility olvashatatlanság
decipherable olvasható
legible olvasható
readable olvasható
legibility olvashatóság
readability olvashatóság
reader olvasó
literate olvasott
soo olyan
such olyan
insomuch olyannyira
ombudsman ombudsman
portent ómen
crumbling omladozó
omelette omlett
friable omlós
omnibus omnibusz
stannic ón
tin ón
stannary ónbánya
semen ondó
sperm ondó
spermatozoa ondósejt
onyx ónix
tinned ónozott
pewter óntárgy
stanniferous óntartalmú
tinny óntartalmú
opal opál
opalescent opálfényű
opalescent opálosfényű
opera opera
operating operációs
operetta operett
opium ópium
laudanum ópiumoldat
opiate ópiumos
opossum oposszum
optics optika
optical optikai
optimum optimális
optimization optimalizálás
optimizations optimalizálások
optimized optimalizált
optimal optimum
clock óra
hour óra
hr. óra
ticker óra
hours órák
hrs. órák
o'clock órakor
clockwork óramű
orangoutang orángután
orangutan orángután
hourly óránként
mph óránként
watchstrap óraszíj
orbital orbitális
orchid orchídea
bawl ordít
bray ordít
squall ordít
bellow ordítás
squall ordítás
orgy orgia
lilac orgona
syringa orgonavirág
organist orgonista
assassin orgyilkos
thug orgyilkos
giant óriás
jumbo óriás
titan óriás
sequoia óriásfenyő
colossal óriási
enormous óriási
gargantuan óriási
gigantic óriási
immense óriási
jumbo óriási
mammoth óriási
titanic óriási
whopping óriási
anaconda óriáskígyó
python óriáskígyó
photomural óriásposzter
windcheater orkándzseki
snout ormány
gable orom
russian orosz
lion oroszlán
leonine oroszlánszerű
russia oroszország
conk orr
nose orr
nostril orrcimpa
proboscis orrmány
rhinoplasty orrplasztika
rhinoceros orrszarvú
spindle orsó
threadworm orsóféreg
countrycode országkód
nationwide országos
highway országút
roadside országúti
orthopaedic ortopéd
orthopedic ortopéd
orthopaedics ortopédia
orthopedics ortopédia
orthopaedic ortopédiai
orthopedic ortopédiai
bravo orvgyilkos
assassination orvgyilkosság
sniper orvlövész
doctor orvos
medico orvos
physician orvos
medical orvosi
redress orvosol
remedy orvosol
irremediable orvosolhatatlan
redressable orvosolható
remediable orvosolható
medicament orvosság
medicine orvosság
physic orvosság
lurcher orvvadász
poaching orvvadászat
poach orvvadászik
asinine ostoba
daffy ostoba
doltish ostoba
foolish ostoba
inane ostoba
inept ostoba
oafish ostoba
silly ostoba
stupid ostoba
witless ostoba
oafs ostobák
folly ostobaság
inanity ostobaság
ineptitude ostobaság
silliness ostobaság
skittles! ostobaság
tomfoolery ostobaság
lash ostor
scourge ostor
whip ostor
whipper ostoros
flagellate ostoroz
lashing ostorozás
whipcord ostorzsinór
siege ostrom
assault ostromlás
beleaguer ostromol
besiege ostromol
wafer ostya
oscillator oszcillátor
junkman ószeres
column oszlop
pillar oszlop
peristyle oszlopcsarnok
columns oszlopok
pillared oszlopos
colonnade oszlopsor
plinth oszloptalp
dismiss! oszolj!
participating oszotzás
distribute oszt
divide oszt
div. oszt.
dividend osztalék
class osztály
classless osztálynélküli
classes osztályok
classify osztályoz
classification osztályozás
grading osztályozás
rating osztályozás
unclassified osztályozatlan
classmate osztálytárs
division osztás
undivided osztatlan
indivisible oszthatatlan
divisible osztható
partibility oszthatóság
divider osztó
divisor osztó
submultiple osztó
fission osztódás
fissiparous osztódó
dividers osztókörző
distributing osztott
oyster osztriga
oyterman osztrigahalász
since óta
there ott
thar ottan
home otthon
homely otthonias
homey otthonias
homy otthonias
homeless otthontalan
homebody otthonülő
ovation ováció
bail óvadék
beware óvakodik
oval ovális
ovate ovális
circumspect óvat
alert óvatos
cagey óvatos
cautious óvatos
conservative óvatos
deliberate óvatos
heedful óvatos
wary óvatos
carefully óvatosan
gingerly óvatosan
guardedly óvatosan
warily óvatosan
alertness óvatosság
carefullness óvatosság
caution óvatosság
cautiousness óvatosság
circumspection óvatosság
wariness óvatosság
precautionary óvatossági
kindergarten óvoda
oxide oxid
oxygenate oxidál
oxidizable oxidálható
oxidize oxidálódik
oxygen oxigén
ozone ózon
ozonizer ózonfejlesztő
he ő
she ő
flush öblít
irrigate öblít
flushes öblítés
irrigation öblítés
rinse öblítés
swill öblítés
bay öböl
gulf öböl
buster öcskös
tying ödakötött
they ők
them őket
keck öklendezik
retch öklendezik
ecology ökológia
ecological ökológiai
fist ököl
thump ökölcsapás
bullock ökör
ox ökör
oxen ökör
oxbow ököriga
gossamer ökörnyál
wren ökörszem
oxcart ökrösszekér
ecumenical ökumenikus
fathom öl
slay öl
cutthroat öldöklő
cuddle ölelés
embrace ölelés
hug ölelés
cuddle ölelkezés
stitch öltés
suit öltöny
dressing öltözés
attire öltözet
garb öltözet
rig öltözet
undressed öltözetlen
dressing öltözködés
vestiary öltöző
vestiary öltözőszoba
clothe öltöztet
yclad öltözve
effusion ömlengés
gush ömlengés
outpourings ömlengés
effusive ömlengő
gusher ömlengő
gushy ömlengős
effusiveness ömlengősség
dump ömleszt
teem ömlik
torrential ömlő
autoload önbetöltő
your öné
complacent önelégült
smug önelégült
complacence önelégültség
smugness önelégültség
introspective önelemző
autobiography önéletrajz
obstinate önfejű
obstinacy önfejűség
suicide öngyilkos
suicide öngyilkosság
lighter öngyújtó
priggish önhitt
hubris önhittség
spontaneously önként
voluntarily önként
voluntary önkéntes
volunteer önkéntes
onanism önkielégítés
delirium önkívület
autonomy önkormányzat
autocracy önlényuralom
herself önmaga
oneself önmaga
himself őnmaga
abstinent önmegtartóztató
automatic önműködő
automatically önműködően
mortification önsanyargatás
pour önt
egotist öntelt
conceit önteltség
vainglory önteltség
pouring öntés
smeltery öntöde
watering öntözés
consciousness öntudat
conscious öntudatos
restraint önuralom
homing önvezérlés
egoism önzés
selfishness önzés
altruist önzetlen
disinterested önzetlen
magnanimous önzetlen
selfless önzetlen
uninterested önzetlen
unselfish önzetlen
altruism önzetlenség
egocentric önző
hoggish önző
selfish önző
custodian őr
guard őr
keeper őr
watchman őr
devil ördög
demoniac ördögi
devilish ördögi
diabolic ördögi
diabolical ördögi
tumbleweed ördögszekér
exorcist ördögűző
devilment ördöngősség
gaffer öreg
gammer öreganyóka
alumnus öregdiák
older öregebb
ageing öregedő
aging öregedő
senescent öregedő
greybeard öregember
oldster öregember
oldish öreges
avuncular öreguras
margrave őrgróf
detainee őrizetes
unguarded őrizetlen
maddening őrjítő
rage őrjöngés
frantic őrjöngő
frenetic őrjöngő
madding őrjöngő
maniacal őrjöngő
lookout őrködés
invigilate őrködik
grist őrlemény
milling őrlés
grinding őrlő
sgt. őrm.
sergeant őrmester
eternal örök
perpetual örök
adoption örökbefogadás
legator örökhagyó
copyhold örökhaszonbérlet
ageless örökifjú
eternally örökké
ever örökké
everlasting örökkévaló
eternity örökkévalóság
everlasting örökkévalóság
condominium öröklakás
heredity öröklés
heritable öröklődő
hereditary öröklött
inherit örököl
inheritable örökölhető
inherited örökölt
eternal örökös
heir örökös
heritor örökös
inheritor örökös
legatee örökös
perpetual örökös
perpetually örökösen
heiress örökösnő
coheir örököstárs
forever örökre
hereditament örökség
heritage örökség
inheritance örökség
legacy örökség
evergreen örökzöld
joy öröm
pleasure öröm
fain örömest
mirthless örömtelen
gladsome örömteli
joyful örömteli
joyous örömteli
bonfire örömtűz
guard őrség
patrolman őrszem
sentinel őrszem
sentry őrszem
watchman őrszem
guardroom őrszoba
dogwatch őrszolgálat
pleased örül
craziness őrület
demented őrült
distracted őrült
mad őrült
madder őrültebb
madly őrülten
insanity őrültség
lunacy őrültség
madness őrültség
whorl örv
rejoice örvend
comfortably örvendetes
rejoicing örvendetes
jubilation örvendezés
jubilate örvendezik
rejoice örvendezik
jubilant örvendező
eddy örvény
maelstrom örvény
swirl örvény
vortex örvény
whirlpool örvény
vortexes örvények
vortices örvények
whirl örvénylés
vortical örvénylő
vortiginous örvénylő
whorled örvös
keeping őrzés
minder őrző
forefather ősapa
ancestor őselőd
progenitor őselőd
backwoods őserdő
jungle őserdő
aboriginal ősi
ancestral ősi
primordial ősi
palaeolithic őskőkori
paleolithic őskőkori
aborigines őslakók
palaeontology őslénytan
paleontology őslénytan
contractile össszehúzódó
archetype őstípus
prehistory őstörténet
autumn ősz
irreconcilable öszeegyeztethetetség
grizzled őszes
autumn őszi
autumnal őszi
peach őszibarack
autumnal őszies
candid őszinte
disarming őszinte
downright őszinte
forthright őszinte
frank őszinte
heartfelt őszinte
ingenuous őszinte
outright őszinte
outspoken őszinte
sincere őszinte
straightforward őszinte
truthful őszinte
unfeigned őszinte
unreserved őszinte
bluntly őszintén
frankly őszintén
sincerely őszintén
truly őszintén
truthfully őszintén
unreservedly őszintén
candidness őszinteség
candor őszinteség
candour őszinteség
frankness őszinteség
sincerity őszinteség
straightness őszinteség
truthfulness őszinteség
aster őszirózsa
totalize összead
addend összeadandó
totting összeadás
summed összeadott
compose összeállít
collocation összeállítás
fraternization összebarátkozás
rolled összecsavart
collapsible összecsukható
folding összecsukható
reconcilable összeegyeztethető
abut összeér
conspire összeesküszik
incompatible összeférhetetlen
incompatibilities összeférhetetlenség
incompatibility összeférhetetlenség
epitomize összefoglal
recapitulate összefoglal
recapitulation összefoglalás
syllabus összefoglalás
synthesis összefoglalás
overall összefoglaló
synoptic összefoglalt
synoptical összefoglalt
cobble összefoltoz
interweave összefon
splice összefonás
interwoven összefonódott
interwove összefont
converge összefut
convergence összefutás
convergent összefutó
coherence összefüggés
coherency összefüggés
connection összefüggés
connexion összefüggés
contiguity összefüggés
nexus összefüggés
relationships összefüggések
discontinuous összefüggéstelen
disjointed összefüggéstelen
incoherent összefüggéstelen
unconnected összefüggéstelen
incoherence összefüggéstelenség
coherent összefüggő
cohesive összefüggő
connected összefüggő
related összefüggő
concatenate összefűz
interlace összefűz
interlink összefűz
concatenate összefűzés
aggregate összeg
sum összeg
total összeg
summarize összegez
synopsis összegezés
addition összegzés
summary összegzés
summation összegzés
totted összegzett
summing összegző
collected összegyűjtött
crumple összegyűrődik
conglomeration összehalmozás
conglomerate összehalmozott
aligned összehangolt
assonance összehangzás
collate összehasonlít
compare összehasonlít
liken összehasonlít
collating összehasonlítás
comparison összehasonlítás
contrasting összehasonlítás
comparable összehasonlítható
intermarriage összeházasodás
intermarry összeházasodik
convene összehív
convoke összehív
constrict összehúz
contraction összehúzódás
census összeírás
collusion összejátszás
cahoots összejátszik
congregate összejön
forgather összejön
gathering összejövetel
conjoin összekapcsol
interlock összekapcsol
join összekapcsol
relate összekapcsol
linking összekapcsolás
linker összekapcsoló
associated összekapcsolt
interconnected összekapcsolt
concration összekeményedés
tousle összekócol
connect összeköt
trussing összekötés
conjunctive összekötő
entangle összekuszál
matted összekuszált
tangled összekuszált
concatenation összeláncolás
oblate összelapított
shrink összemegy
shrinkage összemenés
shrank összement
match összemér
matching összemérés
commensurable összemérhető
commensurate összemérhető
squash összenyom
incompressible összenyomhatatlan
squashed összenyomott
squeezed összenyomva
collapse összeomlás
crash összeomlás
dőbƒcle összeomlás
wreckage összeomlás
agglutinate összeragaszt
succumb összeroskad
all összes
conspiracy összesküvés
conspirator összesküvő
totality összesség
gather összeszedni
assemble összeszerkeszt
compile összeszerkeszt
compiler összeszerkesztő
vituperate összeszid
scolding összeszidás
togetherness összetartás
cohesion összetartóerő
togetherness összetartozás
cohere összetartozik
composition összetétel
consistence összetétel
complex összetett
composite összetett
compound összetett
decompound összetett
superposability összetevés
mistook összetévesztett
break összetör
shatter összetör
wrack összetör
breaking összetörés
fray összetűzés
tiff összetűzés
bump összeütközés
collision összeütközés
collide összeütközni
intermingle összevegyít
indiscriminate összevissza
clutter összevisszaság
hotchpotch összevisszaság
promiscuity összevisszaság
disarrange összezavar
discompose összezavar
unsettle összezavar
miff összezördülés
smash összezúz
shrivel összezsugorodik
shrinking összezsugorodó
shrunk összezsugorodott
shrunken összezsugorodott
chime összhang
concord összhang
goad ösztökél
impel ösztökél
instinct ösztön
bursary ösztöndíj
scholarship ösztöndíj
exhibitioner ösztöndíjas
scholar ösztöndíjas
sizar ösztöndíjas
caveman ösztönember
instinctive ösztönös
subconscious ösztönös
subconsciously ösztönösen
incite ösztönöz
incitement ösztönzés
impulsive ösztönző
incentive ösztönző
mule öszvér
muleteer öszvérhajcsár
five öt
him őt
picayune ötcentes
quinquennial ötévenként
quinquennial ötévenkénti
desultory ötletszerű
fifth ötödik
fifthly ötödször
fiver ötös
quintet ötös
quintette ötös
quintuplets ötösikrek
pentagon ötszög
fivefold ötszörös
quintuple ötszörös
quintuple ötszöröse
pentathlon öttusa
pentathlonist öttusázó
fifty ötven
fiftieth ötvenedik
quinquagenarian ötvenes
quinquagenarian ötvenéves
alloy ötvözet
belt öv
cummerbund öv
girdle öv
waistband öv
buckle övcsat
hers övé
one's övé
theirs övék
gird övez
girt övez
zonal övezeti
girded övezett
shingles övsömör
deer őz
fawn őz
roe őz
roebuck őzbak
doeskin őzbőr
venison őzhús
torrent özön
streaming özönlő
deluge özönvíz
relict özvegy
widow özvegyasszony
widover özvegyember
widower özvegyember
widowhood özvegység
doe őzsuta
sta. p.u.
tripe pacal
tripeman pacalos
marinade pácol
soused pácolt
lark pacsirta
skylark pacsirta
bench pad
attic padlás
loft padlás
garret padlásszoba
loft padlásszoba
floor padló
flooring padlózat
planking padlózat
fern páfrány
polypody páfrány
pagoda pagoda
archly pajkos
elfin pajkos
elfish pajkos
frolicsome pajkos
puckish pajkos
archly pajkosan
frolic pajkoskodás
frolicking pajkoskodás
archness pajkosság
budded pajtás
buddy pajtás
chum pajtás
compeer pajtás
feller pajtás
pal pajtás
scutum pajzs
targe pajzs
testudo pajzsfedezék
thyroid pajzsmirigy
shale pala
slate pala
bottler palackozó
flapjack palacsinta
pancake palacsinta
slapjack palacsinta
waffle palacsinta
slater palafedő
hoarding palánk
paling palánk
palisade palánk
palisade palánkkerítés
dibble palántáz
dibbling palántázás
slaty palás
slated palázott
rod pálca
verger pálcavivő
palette paletta
distiller pálinkafőző
plank palló
broadsword pallos
falchion pallos
frond pálmalevél
mansion palota
palace palota
trackman pályafelügyelő
groundsman pályamester
aspirant pályázó
sofa pamlag
pampas pampa
cotton pamut
velveteen pamutbársony
complain panasz
plaint panasz
jeremiad panaszkodás
complaint panaszkodik
querulous panaszkodó
plaintive panaszos
armour páncél
carapace páncél
ironclad páncélos
panzer páncélos
armoured páncélozott
bazooka páncélököl
dabble pancsol
panda panda
slump pangás
stagnancy pangás
stagnation pangás
panic pánik
stampede pánik
waxworks panoptikum
panorama panoráma
panoramic panoráma
syrinx pánsíp
pantaloons pantalló
pantheon panteon
pantograph pantográf
pantomime pantomim
tether pányva
churchman pap
clergyman pap
cleric pap
priest pap
dad papa
pa papa
poppa papa
pontiff pápa
pope pápa
parrot papagáj
lory papagály
psittacosis papagálykór
papal pápai
pontifical pápai
ultramontane pápapárti
papacy pápaság
popedom pápaság
daddy papi
priestlike papi
priestly papi
sacerdotal papi
paper papír
stationer's papírbolt
spitball papírgalacsin
stationer papírkereskedő
paperwork papírmunka
disposables papírpelenka
kite papírsárkány
papery papírszerű
papyrus papirusz
palimpsest papírusz
popish pápista
popery pápistaság
quilt paplan
capsicum paprika
paprika paprika
harlequin paprikajancsi
priesthood papság
scuff papucs
slipper papucs
slippers papucs
henpecked papucsférj
uxorious papucsférj
couple pár
doublet pár
pair pár
dew pára
vapor pára
vapour pára
parabola parabola
parabolic parabolikus
parabolical parabolikus
parade parádé
paradise paradicsom
tomato paradicsom
paradisiac paradicsomi
paradisiacal paradicsomi
paradoxical paradox
paradox paradoxon
cork parafadugó
paraph parafál
paragraph paragrafus
paragraphs paragrafusok
paralelogram paralelogramma
parallelogram paralelogramma
polio paralízis
poliomyelitis paralízis
parallax parallaxis
parameter paramáter
parameters paraméterek
behest parancs
command parancs
dictate parancs
injunction parancs
commandant parancsnok
commander parancsnok
commands parancsok
enjoin parancsol
regimentation parancsolgatás
bossy parancsolgató
commanding parancsoló
dictatorial parancsoló
imperious parancsoló
tittle parány
microscopic parányi
supersensory parapszihologikus
dewy párás
vaporous párás
bedew párásít
steaminess párásság
peasant paraszt
yokel paraszt
rustic parasztos
rusticity parasztosság
peasantry parasztság
hygrometer páratartalommérő
hygroscope páratartalommérő
paratyphoid paratífusz
matchless páratlan
nonesuch páratlan
nonpareil páratlan
nonsuch páratlan
odd páratlan
peerless páratlan
transcendent páratlan
unrivaled páratlan
unrivalled páratlan
succubus parázna
fornication paráználkodás
fornicate paráználkodik
brand parázs
embers parázs
smolder parázslik
smoulder parázslik
duel párbaj
duelist párbajozó
duellist párbajozó
epée párbajtőr
épée párbajtőr
conversation párbeszéd
dialog párbeszéd
duologue párbeszéd
leopard párduc
perfume parfüm
parallelism párhuzam
collateral párhuzamos
parallel párhuzamos
parallelism párhuzamosság
pariah pária
steed paripa
steeds paripák
sling parittya
paris párizs
gardens park
park park
bracket párkány
ledge párkány
parquet parkett
parquetry parketta
parking parkolás
landscaping parkosítás
capitol parlament
parliament parlament
parliamentary parlamenti
distillate párlat
bolster párna
cushion párna
pillow párna
parody paródia
skit paródia
travesty paródia
parodist parodista
periwig paróka
peruke paróka
wig paróka
bewigged parókás
wigged parókás
manse parókia
rectory parókia
distil párol
simmer párol
braise párolás
panning párolás
simmering párolás
evaporation párolgás
evaporate párolog
vaporize párolog
vaporization párologtatás
vaporizer párologtató
panned párolt
stewed párolt
e'en páros
coupling párosul
beach part
strand part
impartial pártatlan
judicial pártatlan
impartiality pártatlanság
advocacy pártfogás
auspices pártfogás
patronize pártfogol
coastal parti
littoral parti
party parti
coastwise partmenti
inshore partmenti
offshore partmenti
ashore parton
landfall partraérés
debarkation partraszállás
disembarketion partraszállás
foreshore partszegély
coast partvidék
coastline partvonal
mating párzás
pasha pasa
chap pasas
codger pasas
josser pasas
perisher pasas
toff pasas
pascal pascal
soutache paszomány
passive passzív
passiveness passzivitás
passivity passzivitás
pastel pasztell
pastelist pasztellfestő
pastellist pasztellfestő
parsnip paszternák
pastille pasztilla
grazier pásztor
shepherd pásztor
pastoral pásztori
shepherdess pásztorlány
pasteurize pasztőröz
pasteurized pasztőrözött
hoof pata
brooklet patak
creek patak
rivulet patak
runnel patak
stream patak
streamlet patak
hooves paták
streamy patakzó
ungulate patás
paternoster páternoszter
apothecary pati
patina patina
tarnish patina
verdigris patina
rat patkány
ratter patkányfogó
horseshoe patkó
blacksmith patkolókovács
farrier patkolókovács
shod patkolt
pathologist patológus
patriarch pátriárka
patriarchal patriarkális
acne pattanás
blackhead pattanás
blister pattanás
pimple pattanás
pimpled pattanásos
pimply pattanásos
skipjack pattanóbogár
pop pattog
popped pattogtat
popping pattogtatás
cambric patyolat
peacock páva
peafowl páva
peahen pávajérce
kiosk pavilon
pavilion pavilon
profuse pazar
wastage pazarlás
lavish pazarló
prodigal pazarló
spendthrift pazarló
squanderer pazarló
thriftless pazarló
wasteful pazarló
waster pazarló
wastrel pazarló
greensward pázsit
sward pázsit
fid pecek
galumph peckesen
roaster pecsenyesütő
sigil pecsét
signet pecsét
sealing pecsételés
pedagogic pedagógiai
educationalist pedagógus
pedagogue pedagógus
pedal pedál
treadle pedál
smug pedáns
chiropody pedikűr
pedicure pedikűr
chiropodist pedikűrös
fluff pehely
eiderdown pehelypaplan
featherweight pehelysúly
baker pék
pecan pekandió
bakery pékség
baker's péküzlet
example példa
exemplar példa
instance példa
precedent példa
exemplary példaadó
apologue példabeszéd
examples példák
specimen példány
unexampled példátlan
unparalelled példátlan
egregiousness példátlanság
exemplify példáz
parable példázat
diaper pelenka
nappy pelenka
pelican pelikán
pillory pellengér
flaky pelyhes
horehound pemetefű
d pence
mildew penész
mould penész
fusty penészes
mildewy penészes
moldy penészes
mouldy penészes
fustiness penészesség
moldiness penészesség
mouldiness penészesség
twang peng
blade penge
plonk pengetés
plunk pengetés
penicillin penicilin
pence penni
penny penni
pennies pennik
friday péntek
chink pénz
dibs pénz
ducats pénz
money pénz
oof pénz
quid pénz
shekels pénz
wampum pénz
financier pénzember
coin pénzérme
moneyed pénzes
toss pénzfeldobás
moneylender pénzkölcsönző
bankroll pénzköteg
wicket pénztárablak
purse pénztárca
bursar pénztáros
cashier pénztáros
purser pénztáros
broke pénztelen
impecunious pénztelen
penniless pénztelen
impecuniousness pénztelenség
plutocratic pénzuralmi
plutocracy pénzuralom
finance pénzügy
financial pénzügyi
monetary pénzügyi
pecuniary pénzügyi
changer pénzváltó
mint pénzverde
coinage pénzverés
coiner pénzverő
mercenary pénzsóvár
coffer pénzszekrény
d penny
p. penny
mash pép
pap pép
pulp pép
niggle pepecsel
putter pepecsel
mashed pépes
pulpy pépes
squashy pépes
pulping pépesítés
lawsuit per
minute perc
sue perel
actionable perelhető
suable perelhető
brim perem
edge perem
brimless peremetlen
litigious peres
litigation pereskedés
litigate pereskedik
litigant pereskedő
perforation perforáció
unperforated perforálatlan
vellum pergamen
parchment pergament
periphery periféria
peripheral periférikus
cyclical periódikus
periscope periszkóp
altercation perlekedés
jangle perlekedés
wrangle perlekedés
spray permet
sprayer permetező
platform peron
peroxide peroxid
fracas perpatvar
squabble perpatvar
retrial perújrafelvétel
perverse perverz
perversion perverzió
perverseness perverzitás
perversity perverzitás
persian perzsa
scorching perzselés
scorcher perzselő
pestilence pestis
plague pestis
pessary pesszárium
petard petárda
ovum pete
ovulation peteérés
ovary petefészek
ova peték
peter péter
oviduct petevezeték
pete peti
parsley petrezselyem
paraffin petróleum
petrochemical petrolkémiai
petunia petúnia
flabby petyhüdt
lymphatic petyhüdt
sagged petyhüdt
fleck petty
speckle petty
specked pettyes
speckled pettyes
peseta pezeta
peso pezó
effervesce pezseg
fizz pezseg
bubbly pezsegő
fizzy pezsegő
effervescence pezsgés
bubbly pezsgő
champagne pezsgő
effervescent pezsgő
fizzy pezsgő
musk pézsma
musquash pézsmapatkány
musky pézsmaszagú
phew pfuj
ugh pfuj
phooey pfúj
fie pfúj!
market piac
marketable piacképes
mart piactér
booze piál
boozy piás
tipsily piásan
tiny pici
wee pici
tiddley picike
flue pihe
relaxing pihenés
repose pihenés
rest pihenés
resting pihenő
siesta pihenő
juicy pikáns
piquant pikáns
salacious pikáns
racily pikánsan
piquancy pikantéria
piqué piké
piquet piké
flake pikkely
squama pikkely
scaled pikkelyes
scaly pikkelyes
squamose pikkelyes
squamous pikkelyes
scaliness pikkelyesség
picnic piknik
picnicked piknikezett
piccolo pikoló
jiff pillanat
jiffy pillanat
mo pillanat
moment pillanat
trice pillanat
snapshot pillanatfelvétel
instantaneous pillanatnyi
momentary pillanatnyi
peer pillant
glance pillantás
twinkling pillantás
wink pillantás
stanchion pillér
airman pilóta
airmen pilóta
aviator pilóta
flier pilóta
flyer pilóta
pilot pilóta
cockpit pilótafülke
airwoman pilótanő
barefaced pimasz
brassy pimasz
sassy pimasz
beeswing pimpó
cinqfoil pimpó
cinquefoil pimpó
tormentil pimpófű
cellar pince
cellarage pincehelyiség
steward pincér
waiter pincér
barmaid pincérnő
waitress pincérnő
penguin pingvin
pint pint
chaffinch pinty
finch pinty
leech pióca
pipeful pipáravaló
pipeful pipáravalónyi
toiletries piperecikkek
dandy piperkőc
dude piperkőc
fop piperkőc
popinjay piperkőc
gutless pipogya
ruddiness pír
pyrites pirit
toasting pirítás
pyritic pirites
toast pirítós
florid pirospozsgás
rubicund pirospozsgás
ruddy pirospozsgás
pyrotechnical pirotechnika
pyrotechnical pirotechnikai
pirouette piruett
pilule pirula
blush pirulás
blushing piruló
pee pisil
piddle pisil
shimmer pislákol
glimmer pislákolás
shimmer pislákolás
nictitate pislog
blink pislogás
twinkle pislogás
winking pislogás
dingy piszkos
dirty piszkos
smudgy piszkos
soiled piszkos
dirtiness piszkosság
nastiness piszkosság
dawdler piszmogó
trifler piszmogó
dirt piszok
smudge piszok
pistachio pisztácia
colt pisztoly
pistol pisztoly
trout pisztráng
dandelion pitypang
pajamas pizsama
pyjamas pizsama
e.g. pl.
ceiling plafon
plagiarism plágium
plagiary plágium
placard plakát
poster plakát
plaquette plakett
sculpturesque plasztikus
statuesque plasztikus
sicamore platán
sycamore platán
sicamore platánfa
sycamore platánfa
platinum platina
platonic plátói
plasm plazma
plasma plazma
parish plébánia
parsonage plébánia
vicarage plébánia
tinniness pléhcsörgés
deadpan pléhpofa
gossip pletyka
tattle pletyka
mewsmonger pletykafészek
tattler pletykáló
gossipy pletykás
plexi plexi
plexiglass plexiüveg
plus plusz
plutonium plutónium
pneumatic pneumatikus
paunch pocak
tummy pocak
paunchy pocakos
portly pocakos
embonpoint pocakosság
podginess pocakosság
portliness pocakosság
atrocious pocsék
execrable pocsék
bespatter pocskondiáz
plash pocsolya
puddle pocsolya
slough pocsolya
chap pofa
jowl pofa
phiz pofa
unabashed pofátlan
bluster pofázás
jaws pofázás
clout pofon
facer pofon
patty pogácsa
heathen pogány
heathenish pogány
pagan pogány
paynim pogány
heathenism pogányság
paganism pogányság
baggage poggyász
luggage poggyász
checkroom poggyászmegőrző
coaster poháralátét
glassfull pohárnyi
spider pók
cobweb pókháló
hell pokol
inferno pokol
fiendish pokoli
hellish pokoli
helluva pokoli
infernal pokoli
spidery pókszerű
polarity polaritás
shelf polc
shelves polc
whatnot polc
shelving polcok
bourgeois polgári
civil polgári
civilian polgári
franchise polgárjog
burgomaster polgármester
mayor polgármester
mayoralty polgármesteri
mayoress polgármesternő
minuteman polgárőr
trainband polgárőrség
bourgeoisie polgárság
citizenry polgárság
polyhedron poliéder
polyester poliészter
polyethylene polietilén
polythene polietilén
polymer polimer
polymeric polimerikus
octopus polip
polypus polip
burnish políroz
polystyrene polisztirol
policy politika
politics politika
political politikai
politic politikus
politician politikus
polyurethane poliuretán
polka polka
polo póló
bedbug poloska
bug poloska
swathing pólyakötés
pomade pomádé
magnificence pompa
pageantry pompa
pomp pompa
magnificent pompás
swell pompás
attaboy pompás!
poncho poncsó
dishabille pongyola
housecoat pongyola
pony póniló
dot pont
point pont
spot pont
imprecise pontatlan
inaccurate pontatlan
inexact pontatlan
inaccuracy pontatlanság
inexactitude pontatlanság
unpunctuality pontatlanság
points pontok
pontoon ponton
accurate pontos
exact pontos
precise pontos
punctual pontos
accurately pontosan
correctly pontosan
exactly pontosan
precisely pontosan
punctually pontosan
accuracy pontosság
exactness pontosság
nicety pontosság
preciseness pontosság
precision pontosság
punctuality pontosság
semicolon pontosvessző
scoring pontszerzés
scorer pontszerző
carp ponty
fanny popsi
dust por
powder por
leash póráz
cartilage porc
china porcelán
chinaware porcelán
porcelain porcelán
gristle porcogó
gristly porcos
leek póréhagyma
friability porhanyósság
tipstaff porkoláb
pulverize porlaszt
atomizer porlasztó
carburetter porlasztó
carburettor porlasztó
dustfree pormentes
porn pornó
pornography pornográfia
dusting porolás
brat poronty
dusty poros
powdery poros
prussian porosz
summoner poroszló
porous porózus
duster porrongy
mote porszemcse
hoover porszívó
janitor portás
portuguese portugál
portugal portugália
prowl portyázás
pore pórus
stamen porzó
mail posta
post posta
postmark postabélyegző
homer postagalamb
postal postai
postilion postakocsis
postillion postakocsis
postage postaköltség
postmaster postamester
postmistress postamesternő
postman postás
posted postázott
mailbag postazsák
baize posztó
holster posztolytáska
surtax pótadó
surcharge pótdíj
potency potencia
potentially potenciálisan
potentiometer potenciómérő
potent potens
trailer pótkocsi
addenda pótlás
complement pótlék
surrogate pótlék
remount pótló
additional pótlólagos
additionally pótlólagosan
countervail pótol
recoup pótol
irrecoverable pótolhatatlan
irreplaceable pótolhatatlan
irretrievable pótolhatatlan
dicky pótülés
pillion pótülés
scrounger potyás
sponger potyás
stowaway potyautas
sponging potyázás
scrounge potyázik
flop pottyanás
pose póz
positive pozitív
poser pózoló
showman pozőr
twirl pödrés
flatcar pőrekocsi
gyro pörgettyű
torrefy pörköl
torrefaction pörkölés
stew pörkölt
diminutive pöttöm
strum pötyögtet
dotted pöttyös
spotted pöttyös
practitioner praktizáló
exactitude precizitás
booty préda
prey préda
preachify prédikál
sermonize prédikál
preach prédikálni
preacher prédikátor
fur prém
furred prémes
bounty prémium
premium prémium
trapper prémvadász
prairie préri
classy príma
primate prímás
barbaric primitív
firstlings primőrök
prismatic prizmás
probation próba
test próba
manikin próbababa
probation próbaidő
probational próbaidős
probationary próbaidős
probationer próbaidős
experimentally próbaképpen
touchstone próbakő
problem probléma
stickler probléma
problems problémák
processor processzor
processors processzorok
prof. professzor
professor professzor
pro profi
profile profil
profiles profilok
program program
software program
package programcsomag
trigger programindító
interruption programmegszakitás
dibol programnyelv
programs programok
programming programozás
programmer programozó
programmers programozók
programmed programozott
pleb proli
prole proli
slummy proli
propagandize propagál
propagandist propagandista
propane propán
propane propángáz
airscrew propeller
folder prospektus
leaflet prospektus
prospectus prospektus
prostitute prostituált
trollop prostituált
prostitution prostitúció
prostate prosztata
protestant protestáns
prosthesis protézis
protocol protokoll
proton proton
prototype prototípus
provocation provokáció
provoke provokál
prose próza
prosaic prózai
prose prózai
unpoetic prózai
unpoetical prózai
prosaic prózaias
prosiness prózaiság
prude prűd
prudish prűd
primness prűdség
snort prüszköl
snort prüszkölés
psycho pszihopata
psychopath pszihopata
psychopathic pszihopata
hush pszt
whisht pszt
psht pszt!
psst pszt!
sh pszt!
puff puderpamacs
pudding puding
pueblo pueblo
puffy puffadt
puffiness puffadtság
whang puffan
wallop puffanás
whang puffanás
puffer puffer
buffers pufferek
spooling pufferezés
limp puha
soft puha
trilby puhakalap
boneless puhán
weakling puhány
softish puhás
limpness puhaság
softness puhaság
mollusc puhatestű
mollusk puhatestű
jersey pulóver
jumper pulóver
pullover pulóver
sweater pulóver
lectern pulpitus
pulsar pulzár
cougar puma
panther puma
puma puma
pump pumpa
pumping pumpálás
pussy punci
punch puncs
hump púp
gibbous púpos
humpback púpos
humpbacked púpos
humped púpos
humpy púpos
hunchback púpos
puritan puritán
rifle puska
bullet puskagolyó
ramrod puskavessző
steppe puszta
heath pusztaság
steppe pusztaság
wild pusztaság
destroy pusztít
devastation pusztítás
ravage pusztítás
destroyer pusztító
internecine pusztító
havoc pusztulás
pommel püföl
pummel püföl
pentecost pünkösd
whitsun pünkösd
whitsuntide pünkösd
puree püré
purée püré
miter püspökség
mitre püspökség
therewithal ráadásul
prisoner rab
rabbi rabbi
persuade rábeszél
persuasion rábeszélés
suasion rábeszélés
persuaded rábeszélt
inveigle rábír
commend rábíz
confide rábíz
consign rábíz
addict rabja
rapine rablás
robbery rablás
robber rabló
mugging rablótámadás
drudge rabszolga
helot rabszolga
slave rabszolga
thrall rabszolga
abolitionist rabszolgafelszabadítás
slaver rabszolgakereskedelem
drudgery rabszolgamunka
bondage rabszolgaság
slavery rabszolgaság
thraldom rabszolgaság
grate rács
grating rács
grid rács
lattice rács
grating rácsozat
grid rácsozat
radar radar
radiolocation radar
radian radián
radical radikális
radically radikálisan
radio rádió
wireless rádió
broadcast rádióadás
radioactive rádióaktív
radioactivity rádióaktivitás
radioisotope rádióizotóp
radiology radiológia
casseiver rádiósmagnó
radiogram rádiótávirat
eraser radír
radium rádium
leisurely ráérően
obtrusion ráerőszakolás
expenditure ráfordítás
inveigh ráförmed
invective ráförmedés
suffix rag
gnaw rág
masticate rág
goo ragacs
gluey ragacsos
adhesive ragadós
glutinous ragadós
gummy ragadós
limy ragadós
sticky ragadós
tacky ragadós
viscid ragadós
viscous ragadós
stickiness ragadósság
viscidity ragadósság
predacious ragadozó
predator ragadozó
predatory ragadozó
defame rágalmaz
traduce rágalmaz
vilify rágalmaz
backbite rágalmazás
defamation rágalmazás
libel rágalmazás
slander rágalmazás
vilification rágalmazás
defamatory rágalmazó
libeler rágalmazó
maligner rágalmazó
slanderous rágalmazó
traducer rágalmazó
vilifier rágalmazó
aspersion rágalom
calumny rágalom
mastication rágás
insistence ragaszkodás
cleave ragaszkodik
insist ragaszkodni
insistent ragaszkodó
pastes ragaszt
sticker ragasztó
mastic ragasztómézga
splicer ragasztóprés
cemented ragasztott
champ rágcsál
rodent rágcsáló
chew rágni
cud rágódik
gnawed rágott
inflectional ragozó
inflexional ragozó
ragtime ragtime
ragout ragu
canker ragya
cankerous ragyás
shine ragyog
brilliance ragyogás
brilliancy ragyogás
refulgence ragyogás
sheen ragyogás
splendor ragyogás
splendour ragyogás
brilliant ragyogó
refulgent ragyogó
sheeny ragyogó
shining ragyogó
inscribe ráír
rhine rajna
rhenish rajnai
devotion rajongás
enthusiast rajongó
fanatic rajongó
enthusiast rajongója
realise rájön
raid rajtaütés
drawing rajz
cartoon rajzfilm
plotter rajzgép
crayon rajzkréta
illustrator rajzoló
tack rajzszeg
thumbtack rajzszeg
cancer rák
crayfish rák
clump rakás
stack rakás
rocket rakéta
rocketry rakétatechnika
shellfish rákfélék
oncology rákkutatás
stevedore rakodómunkás
quayage rakodótér
cargo rakomány
freight rakomány
stower rakományelrendező
quay rakpart
wharf rakpart
wharves rakpart
wharfage rakparthasználat
wharfinger rakpartőr
depot raktár
entrepőt raktár
repository raktár
stock raktár
warehouse raktár
storekeeper raktáros
warehouseman raktáros
storable raktározható
rally rally
pushy rámenős
crease ránc
crinkle ránc
fold ránc
ruck ránc
wrinkle ránc
goffer ráncol
pucker ráncol
ruck ráncol
unwrinkled ránctalan
rendezvous randevú
crick rándulás
wrick rándulás
pippin ranettalma
yank rángat
twitch rángatódzás
convulsive rángatódzó
ranking rangidős
seniority rangidősség
hierarchy rangsorolás
hitch ránt
jerk rántás
rhapsodical rapszodikus
superimposition rárakás
superposition rárakás
onrush rárohanás
servo rásegítő
servomechanism rásegítőberendezés
foist rásóz
vested rászállott
bamboozle rászed
hoodwink rászed
photogravure rasztermélynyom
superimpose rátesz
superpose rátesz
obtrude rátukmál
artful ravasz
astute ravasz
cagey ravasz
catchy ravasz
catty ravasz
crafty ravasz
foxy ravasz
guileful ravasz
shifty ravasz
sly ravasz
trickish ravasz
tricky ravasz
vulpine ravasz
wily ravasz
foxing ravaszkodás
craftiness ravaszság
finesse ravaszság
slyness ravaszság
trickiness ravaszság
wiliness ravaszság
wilily ravaszul
bier ravatal
catafalque ravatal
jig rázás
shake rázás
shaking rázás
jigg rázkódik
shaker rázó
shaken rázott
shook rázott
roundup razzia
pinkish rázsaszínű
reaction reagálás
reagent reagens
reactionary reakciós
reactor reaktor
pieplant rebarbara
rhubarb rebarbara
teal réce
retina recehártya
prescription recept
recipe recept
crepitate recseg
pleat redő
shutters redőny
corrugate redőz
reducer redukálószer
floodlight reflektorfény
spotloght reflektorfény
reflex reflex
reformed református
refrain refrén
regatta regatta
formerly régebben
novel regény
novelist regényíró
ficton regényirodalom
novelistic regényszerű
antiquary régész
archaeologist régész
archaeology régészet
archeology régészet
antiquarian régészeti
morn reggel
morning reggel
morrow reggel
breakfast reggeli
antique régi
old régi
olden régi
archaic régies
antiques régiségek
register regiszter
registers regiszterek
bygone régmúlt
pluperfect régmúlt
rehabilitation rehabilitáció
rehabilitate rehabilitál
secretion rejtegetés
cache rejtekhely
mystery rejtély
enigmatic rejtélyes
inscrutable rejtélyes
mysterious rejtélyes
puzzling rejtélyes
recondite rejtélyes
uncanny rejtélyes
unaccountably rejtélyesen
hid rejtett
hidden rejtett
latent rejtett
occult rejtett
hiding rejtőzés
conundrum rejtvény
enigma rejtvény
puzzle rejtvény
rebus rejtvény
riddle rejtvény
davenport rekamié
hoarse rekedt
raucous rekedt
throaty rekedt
huskiness rekedtség
crate rekesz
diaphragm rekeszizom
midriff rekeszizom
furze rekettye
gorse rekettye
advertise reklámoz
reccount rekordszám
prexy rektor
recursive rekurzív
melodrama rémdráma
tremor remegés
shaky remegő
tremulous remegő
tremulously remegve
smashing remek
topping remek
bravo! remek!
famously remekül
hopefully remélhetőleg
expectancy remény
hope remény
hope reménykedik
hopeful reménykedő
hopeless reménytelen
despondency reménytelenség
desperately reménytelenül
anchorite remete
eremite remete
hermit remete
recluse remete
hermitage remetelak
rumor rémhír
rumour rémhír
terrifying rémítő
bogy rémkép
thriller rémregény
fearsome rémséges
dismay rémület
fright rémület
horror rémület
order rend
swath rend
windrow rend
readjust rendbehoz
o.k. rendben
ok rendben
okay rendben
decree rendelet
edict rendelet
enactment rendelet
fiat rendelet
nisi rendelet
disposal rendelkezés
abnormal rendellenes
anomalous rendellenes
anomaly rendellenesség
clinic rendelőintézet
tidy rendes
tidily rendesen
tidiness rendesség
disorderly rendetlen
messy rendetlen
untidy rendetlen
disarray rendetlenség
disorder rendetlenség
mess rendetlenség
shambles rendetlenség
dispose rendez
arrangement rendezés
directing rendezés
ordering rendezés
disordered rendezetlen
ordered rendezett
tidied rendezett
trimmed rendezett
friary rendház
unflappable rendíthetetlen
unshakeable rendíthetetlen
unshrinking rendíthetetlen
exceedingly rendkívül
extraordinarily rendkívül
remarkably rendkívül
unco rendkívül
uncommonly rendkívül
exceeding rendkívüli
extra rendkívüli
extraordinary rendkívüli
uncommon rendkívüli
uncommonly rendkívülien
singularity rendkívüliség
bobby rendőr
constable rendőr
copper rendőr
policeman rendőr
marshal rendőrbíró
policewoman rendőrnő
constabulary rendőrség
police rendőrség
rebuke rendreutasítás
régime rendszer
system rendszer
systems rendszerek
systemic rendszeres
regularity rendszeresség
systematize rendszerez
systematization rendszerezés
sysgen rendszergenerálás
usually rendszerint
uncoordinated rendszertelen
unmethodical rendszertelen
unsystematic rendszertelen
unsystematical rendszertelen
bootstrap rendszertöltő
pertinacious rendületlen
unshaken rendületlen
renaissance reneszánsz
vast rengeteg
caribou rénszarvas
reindeer rénszarvas
torpid renyhe
torpidity renyheség
beet répa
carrot répa
beetsugar répacukor
crack repedés
cracking repedés
rift repedés
rupture repedés
cracked repedt
repertoire repertoár
reprography reprodukálás
airfield reptér
flew repül
fly repül
aviation repülés
flight repülés
flying repülő
aeroplane repülőgép
aircraft repülőgép
airplane repülőgép
plane repülőgép
fuselage repülőgéptörzs
airport repülőtér
crevice rés
gap rés
fricative réshang
sluggard rest
restorer restaurátor
part rész
section rész
segment rész
partially részben
partly részben
corpuscle részecske
particle részecske
drunk részeg
inebriate részeg
pissed részeg
sottish részeges
fuddle részegít
intoxicate részegít
inebriety részegség
intoxication részegség
tipsiness részegség
fragments részek
parts részek
portions részek
sections részek
filings reszelék
grater reszelő
rasp reszelő
rasping reszelő
partitive részelő
for részére
sharing részesedés
partake részesül
partaken részesült
partook részesült
subset részhalmaz
quake reszket
tremble reszket
dither reszketés
quaver reszketés
quiver reszketés
tremble reszketés
quavering reszkető
trembling reszkető
department részleg
partial részleges
detail részlet
installment részlet
instalment részlet
portion részlet
details részletek
portions részletek
particularize részletez
specifies részletez
specify részletez
specifyed részletez
specification részletezés
specifying részletezés
specifications részletezések
unspecified részletezetlen
detailed részletezett
specified részletezett
specifiable részletezhető
participate résztvesz
participant résztvevő
sharer résztvevő
shareholder részvényes
stockholder részvényes
corporation részvénytársaság
commiseration részvét
participation részvétel
condolence részvétnyilvánítás
sharer részvevő
lea rét
meadow rét
layer réteg
stratum réteg
strata rétegek
laminated rétegelt
stratification rétegeződés
stratify rétegeződik
stratus rétegfelhő
strati rétegfelhők
stratification rétegződés
stratify rétegződik
radish retek
bolt retesz
fastener retesz
hasp retesz
ghastly rettenetes
terrible rettenetes
terribly rettenetesen
dauntless rettenthetetlen
fearless rettenthetetlen
indomitable rettenthetetlen
undaunted rettenthetetlen
undismayed rettenthetetlen
horrific rettentő
rheumatism reuma
rheumatic reumás
roadstead rév
soutane reverenda
ferryman révész
revolver revolver
revue revü
trance révület
mignonette rezeda
reseda rezeda
oscillate rezeg
brazen rezes
oscillation rezgés
vibration rezgés
oscillating rezgő
vibratory rezgő
resident rezidens
residents rezidensek
copperplate rézlemez
coppersmith rézműves
resonance rezonancia
resonant rezonáns
brasses réztárgyak
wince rezzenés
overheads rezsiköltségek
beveled rézsútos
splayed rézsútos
thwart rézsútos
athwart rézsútosan
alarm riadó
alerting riasztás
alarming riasztó
shindy ricsaj
pitted ricskes
oriole rigó
throstle rigó
thrush rigó
jazzy rikító
lurid rikító
squawk rikolt
squeal rikolt
squawk rikoltás
squeal rikoltás
jinricksha riksa
jinriksa riksa
rickshaw riksa
rhyme rím
rhyming rímelő
rhymester rímfaragó
couplet rímpár
dandle ringat
rocking ringató
gage ringló
greengage ringló
hussy ringyó
newshawk riporter
reporter riporter
curio ritka
infrequent ritka
rare ritka
scarce ritka
sparse ritka
rarely ritkán
seldom ritkán
curio ritkaság
rareness ritkaság
rarity ritkaság
scarcity ritkaság
rarefy ritkít
rarefaction ritkítás
spacing ritkítás
rhythmical ritmikus
rhythm ritmus
footlights rivaldafény
paddy rizs
rice rizs
pilaf rizseshús
pilaff rizseshús
pilau rizseshús
bang robaj
detonate robban
detonation robbanás
explosion robbanás
explosive robbanékony
warhead robbanófej
blasting robbantás
robert róbert
robust robosztus
robot robot
socage robotmunka
rodeo rodeo
putrefaction rohadás
putrescence rohadás
putrescent rohadó
rotting rohadó
putrid rohadt
rotten rohadt
paroxism roham
career rohanás
rush rohanás
putrefy rohaszt
putrefactive rohasztó
rotted rohasztott
fringe rojt
thrummed rojtos
fox róka
tod róka
burrow rókalyuk
foxhole rókalyuk
distaff rokka
decrepit rokkant
decrepitude rokkantság
invalidism rokkantság
rococo rokokó
cognate rokon
kin rokon
kindred rokon
sib rokon
synonymous rokonértelmű
synonymy rokonértelműség
kin rokonság
kinsfolk rokonság
kinship rokonság
kith rokonság
sib rokonság
appealing rokonszenves
prepossessing rokonszenves
scooter roller
bankroll rollni
ruin rom
rome róma
roman római
romanic római
romance románc
romanticism romantika
romantic romantikus
rhombohedron romboéder
destructive romboló
lozenge rombusz
rhomb rombusz
rhombus rombusz
turbot rombuszhal
perishable romlandó
decay romlás
taintless romlatlan
unspoiled romlatlan
unspoilt romlatlan
blown romlott
corrupt romlott
decayed romlott
depravation romlottság
depravity romlottság
rankness romlottság
ruins romok
ruinous romos
wreck roncs
rondo rondó
mar rongál
dilapidation rongálódás
rag rongy
tatter rongy
moppet rongybaba
frazzle rongyolódás
ragged rongyos
tattered rongyos
tatty rongyos
raggedness rongyosság
ragpaper rongypapír
crackle ropog
crackle ropogás
crisp ropogós
crunch ropogtatás
howling roppant
enormously roppantul
hugely roppantul
fiber rost
fibre rost
jigger rosta
screenings rostaalj
riddling rostálás
unscreened rostálatlan
grate rostély
grille rostély
grill rostonsült
grilled rostonsült
fibrous rostos
stringy rostos
bad rossz
inferior rosszabb
worse rosszabb
glummer rosszabbkedvű
deterioration rosszabbodás
worsen rosszabbodik
malevolence rosszakarat
malignancy rosszakarat
rancor rosszakarat
rancour rosszakarat
spitefulness rosszakarat
rancorous rosszakaratú
rancourous rosszakaratú
animadvert rosszall
frown rosszall
deprecation rosszallás
disapprobation rosszallás
disapproval rosszallás
disfavor rosszallás
disfavour rosszallás
reprobation rosszallás
reproof rosszallás
frowning rosszalló
pejorative rosszalló
reproving rosszalló
badness rosszaság
hostility rosszindulat
malignity rosszindulat
spite rosszindulat
bitchy rosszindulatú
cantankerous rosszindulatú
malevolent rosszindulatú
malign rosszindulatú
spiteful rosszindulatú
mulligrups rosszkedv
pip rosszkedv
glum rosszkedvű
grumpy rosszkedvű
hipped rosszkedvű
hippish rosszkedvű
splenetic rosszkedvű
badly rosszul
putrefaction rothadás
putrescence rothadás
rot rothadás
putrescent rothadó
rotting rothadó
putrid rothadt
rottenness rothadtság
putrefy rothaszt
putrefactive rothasztó
rotted rothasztott
insect rovar
insectivorous rovarevő
insecticide rovarirtó
pesticide rovarirtó
pesticide rovarirtószer
entomology rovartan
entomological rovartani
dent rovátka
indent rovátka
jag rovátka
snick rovátka
stria rovátka
chamfer rovátkol
rusticate rovátkol
indentation rovátkolás
striated rovátkolt
grooved rovátlolt
columnist rovatvezető
walrus rozmár
rosemary rozmaring
ramshackle rozoga
rickety rozoga
rye rozs
rose rózsa
rosebud rózsabimbó
beads rózsafűzér
chaplet rózsafűzér
rosary rózsafűzér
roseola rózsahimlő
rosery rózsakert
attar rózsaolaj
roseate rózsás
rosily rózsásan
rosiness rózsásság
pink rózsaszín
rosy rózsaszínű
rust rozsda
rustless rozsdamentes
rustproof rozsdamentes
rusty rozsdás
ferruginous rozsdavörös
wolverine rozsomák
ell rőf
grunt röfögés
clod rög
nugget rög
rugby rögbi
rugger rögbi
monomania rögeszme
obsession rögeszme
monomaniac rögeszmés
presently rögtön
extemporize rögtönöz
improvise rögtönöz
improvisation rögtönzés
extempore rögtönzött
impromptu rögtönzött
offhand rögtönzött
unprepared rögtönzött
unrehearsed rögtönzött
fix rögzit
immobilize rögzít
posit rögzít
stabilize rögzít
fastening rögzítés
immobilization rögzítés
fixed rögzített
guffaw röhögés
rummy römi
radioscopy röntgenezés
radiograph röntgenfelvétel
ephemeral röpke
flitting röpke
flitted röpköd
handbill röplap
trajectory röppálya
volley röpte
compendious rövid
curt rövid
cutty rövid
epigrammatic rövid
short rövid
haberdashery rövidáru
notions rövidáru
haberdasher rövidárukereskedő
briefly röviden
summarily röviden
shortly rövidesen
abbreviate rövidít
curtail rövidít
shorten rövidít
abbreviation rövidítés
abbreviations rövidítések
abbreviated rövidítve
myopia rövidlátás
myopic rövidlátó
brevity rövidség
briefness rövidség
shortness rövidség
ruby rubinvörös
bar rúd
pole rúd
bullion rúdarany
elastic rugalmas
resilient rugalmas
springy rugalmas
elasticity rugalmasság
pliability rugalmasság
resilience rugalmasság
resiliency rugalmasság
inelastic rugalmatlan
limber ruganyos
lithe ruganyos
springiness ruganyosság
kick rúgás
spring rugó
kicking rúgó
sprung rugós
unsprung rugózatlan
dress ruha
frock ruha
garment ruha
togs ruha
cloth ruhaanyag
underlining ruhabélés
clothier ruhakereskedő
clothes ruhanemű
wardrobe ruhaszekrény
cleaners ruhatisztító
cleaner's ruhatisztító
apparel ruházat
clothing ruházat
habiliments ruházat
raiment ruházat
roulette rulett
rum rum
rumba rumba
rune rúna
rupee rúpia
routine rutin
routines rutinok
sprit rügy
mange rüh
scabies rüh
mangy rühes
scabby rühes
manginess rühesség
scabbiness rühesség
scabies rühesség
instep rüszt
stereotype sablon
stereotyped sablonos
crocus sáfrány
saffron sáfrány
shah sah
own saját
proprietary saját
autograph sajátkezű
idiomatic sajátos
idiomatical sajátosan
idiosyncrasy sajátosság
particularity sajátosság
particularity sajátság
alas sajna!
deplore sajnál
regrettable sajnálatos
regretful sajnálkozó
sorry! sajnálom!
unfortunately sajnos
cheese sajt
cheesemonger sajtkereskedő
erratum sajtóhiba
misprint sajtóhiba
squeeze sajtol
cheesy sajtszagú
jackal sakál
chess sakk
check! sakk!
muffler sál
neckercief sál
scarf sál
dross salak
slag salak
tailing salak
scarves sálak
excreta salakanyagok
solomon salamon
lettuce saláta
salad saláta
salsify salátabakszakáll
pilewort salátaboglárka
niter salétrom
nitre salétrom
saltpeter salétrom
saltpetre salétrom
nitrous salétromos
nitric salétromsavas
nitrate salétromsó
frippery sallang
fireclay samott
shampoo sampon
fosse sáncárok
moat sáncárok
alexander sándor
mortify sanyargat
mortification sanyargatás
alex sanyi
chalky sápadt
pale sápadt
paleness sápadtság
pallor sápadtság
cap sapka
mire sár
mud sár
sludge sár
galoshes sárcipő
goloshes sárcipő
overshoe sárcipő
yellow sárga
cantaloup sárgadinnye
cantaloupe sárgadinnye
brass sárgaréz
yellowish sárgás
yellowy sárgás
yellowness sárgaság
tan sárgásbarna
wallflower sárgaviola
dashboard sárhányó
sarah sári
sprout sarj
sprout sarjadzik
proliferous sarjadzó
aftercrop sarjú
pivotal sarkalatos
spur sarkantyú
spurred sarkantyús
nasturtium sarkantyúvirág
basilisk sárkány
dragon sárkány
kite sárkány
wywern sárkány
glider sárkányrepülő
cynosure sarkcsillag
loadstar sarkcsillag
lodestar sarkcsillag
polar sarki
arctic sarkvidék
arctic sarkvidéki
sickle sarló
ortolan sármány
corner sarok
heel sarok
cornerstone sarokkő
quoin sarokkő
gusset saroklemez
miry sáros
muddied sáros
muddy sáros
sludgy sáros
splashy sáros
mudguard sárvédő
splasher sárvédő
eagle sas
sedge sás
aery sasfészek
eyrie sasfészek
eyry sasfészek
eaglet sasfióka
locust sáska
beaked sasorrú
sedgy sásos
satan sátán
satanic sátáni
stunted satnya
tent sátor
etc. satöbbi
vise satu
acid sav
streak sáv
track sáv
sourish savanykás
subacid savanykás
sour savanyú
sauerkraut savanyúkáposzta
acerbity savanyúság
acidity savanyúság
pickles savanyúság
sourness savanyúság
hypacidity savhiány
whey savó
serous savós
asdfasdf sdfgsdgf
scab seb
wound seb
gear sebesség
speed sebesség
velocity sebesség
speedometer sebességmérő
surgeon sebész
surgery sebészet
surgical sebészeti
surgical sebészi
invulnerable sebezhetetlen
vulnerable sebezhető
vulnerability sebezhetőség
adjunct segéd
aux segédbemenet
servomotor segédhajtómű
ministration segédkezés
arse segg
ass segg
butthead seggfej
helped segített
helper segítő
succor segítő
succour segítő
helpful segítőkész
helpmate segítőtárs
aid segítség
assistance segítség
help segítség
nohow sehogy
noways sehogyan
nowhere sehol
sheik sejk
sheikh sejk
surmise sejt
honeycombed sejtdíszítéses
inkling sejtelem
cellular sejtes
conjecture sejtés
foreknowledge sejtés
surmise sejtés
adumbrate sejtet
conjectural sejtett
shekel sékel
shallow sekély
vestry sekrestye
sacristan sekrestyés
vestryman sekrestyés
rejections selejt
rubbishy selejtes
lac sellakk
shellac sellakk
undine sellő
moire selyem
moiré selyem
muslin selyem
silk selyem
gigolo selyemfiú
throwster selyemfonó
cocoon selyemgubó
silkworm selyemhernyó
marmoset selyemmajom
sash selyemöv
poplin selyemszövet
silken selymes
silky selymes
lisp selypít
lisp selypítés
neither sem
nor sem
neuter semleges
neutral semleges
neutralize semlegesít
neutralization semlegesítés
neutrality semlegesség
naught semmi
nix semmi
no semmi
nothing semmi
nought semmi
nowise semmiképpen
reprobate semmirekellő
scalawag semmirekellő
scallywag semmirekellő
scapegrace semmirekellő
null semmis
bagatelle semmiség
nothingness semmiség
idleness semmittevés
drone semmittevő
skulk semmittevő
nobody senki
blighter senkiházi
loon senkiházi
rapscallion senkiházi
broom seprű
broomstick seprűnyél
crepitate serceg
crepitation sercegés
adolesent serdülő
pubescent serdülő
adolescence serdülőkor
puberty serdülőkor
starling seregély
grievance sérelem
injury sérelem
tort sérelem
busily serényen
sheriff seriff
fillip serkent
stimulate serkent
fillip serkentés
stimulation serkentés
propulsive serkentő
stimulating serkentő
casserole serpenyő
griddle serpenyő
pan serpenyő
saucepan serpenyő
scallop serpenyő
scollop serpenyő
abusive sértegető
hog sertés
affront sértés
insult sértés
uninjured sértetlen
integrity sértetlenség
inviolable sérthetetlen
hurtful sértő
huffish sértődött
huffy sértődött
huffiness sértődöttség
hurt sérülés
lesion sérülés
trauma sérülés
damages sérülések
traumatic sérüléses
damaged sérült
hernia sérv
ramble séta
saunter séta
stroll séta
joyride sétakocsikázás
walk sétál
strolling sétálás
promenader sétáló
walking sétáló
esplanade sétány
mall sétány
promenade sétány
sneaker settenkedő
shilling shilling
ski sí
scat sicc
skiing síelés
ski'd síelt
hurry siet
hurried sietett
bustle sietség
despatch sietség
dispatch sietség
haste sietség
hastiness sietség
precipitance sietség
scurry sietség
accelerate siettet
flat sík
plain sík
scrub sikálás
scabrous sikamlós
lubricity sikamlósság
mews sikátor
success siker
gluten sikér
auspicious sikeres
prosperous sikeres
successful sikeres
successfully sikeresen
bestseller sikerkönyv
failure sikertelen
unsuccessful sikertelen
succeed sikerül
scream sikítás
screaming sikító
squealer sikító
defalcate sikkaszt
embezzle sikkaszt
misappropriate sikkaszt
peculate sikkaszt
defalcation sikkasztás
embezzlement sikkasztás
misappropriation sikkasztás
peculation sikkasztás
embezzler sikkasztó
dressy sikkes
gliding siklás
glide siklik
shriek sikolt
screech sikoltás
shriek sikoltás
yell sikoly
slippery síkos
champaign síkság
holm síkság
skis síléc
silo siló
ensilage silózás
silage silózás
sleek sima
slick sima
smooth sima
waveless sima
smoothly simán
smoothness simaság
stroked símogat
pliant simulékony
sleekness simulékonyság
enclitic simuló
rail sín
railcar sínautó
ulna singcsont
flayer sintér
fife síp
tibia sípcsont
beep sípolás
click sípolás
grave sir
sepulcher sír
sepulchre sír
weep sír
lamentable siralmas
lugubrious siralmas
gull sirály
lament sirám
boohoo siránkozás
lamentation siránkozás
weeping sírás
sexton sírásó
tumulus sírdomb
mausoleum síremlék
sepulcher síremlék
sepulchre síremlék
tomb síremlék
exhumation sírfelbontás
epitaph sírfelirat
sepulchral síri
gravestone sírkő
headstone sírkő
tombstone sírkő
crying síró
weeper síró
weepy sírós
casque sisak
helmeted sisakos
steepled sisakos
monkshood sisakvirág
wolfsbane sisakvirág
sizzle sistergés
saliferous sítartalmú
quod sitt
bleak sivár
gaunt sivár
skier síző
scale skála
scalp skalp
northman skandináv
scandinavian skandináv
scandinavia skandinávia
scotland skócia
scorbut skorbut
scorbutic skorbutos
scorpion skorpió
scot skót
scotch skót
scotsman skót
scotticism skót
scottie skót
scottish skót
tammy skótsapka
kilt skótszoknya
kilted skótszoknyás
sloven slampos
slovenly slampos
slovenliness slamposság
flies slicc
placket slicc
emerald smaragd
emerald smaragdzöld
necking smárolás
sandpaper smirgli
whitefish sneci
chive snidling
sal só
salt só
gravel sóder
furl sodor
twisting sodrás
twister sodró
driftage sodródás
drifter sodródó
twisted sodrott
chauffeaur sofőr
nary soha
ne'er soha
never soha
moan sóhaj
sigh sóhaj
many sok
mickle sok
much sok
muckle sok
umpteenth sokadik
polymorphic sokalakú
polymorphous sokalakú
eloquently sokatmondóan
manifold sokfajta
manyheaded sokfejű
diverse sokféle
multifarious sokféle
polyandrous sokférjű
shocked sokkolva
polyhedral soklapú
multilingual soknyelvű
polyglot soknyelvű
versatile sokoldalú
versatility sokoldalúság
multiplicity sokszerűség
polychromatic sokszínű
varicolored sokszínű
varicoloured sokszínű
multipliable sokszorosítható
reproductive sokszorosító
duplicator sokszorosítógép
mimeograph sokszorosítógép
polygon sokszög
polygonal sokszögű
falconer solymász
falconry solymászat
falcon sólyom
tercel sólyom
tiercel sólyom
dogwood som
ham sonka
array sor
range sor
rank sor
row sor
align sorakoztat
alignment sorbaállítás
linefeed soremelés
burr sorja
linespacing sorköz
interlinear sorközi
barrier sorompó
serial soros
conscription sorozás
enlistment sorozás
range sorozat
series sorozat
serially sorozatosan
draftboard sorozóbizottság
rota sorrend
sequence sorrend
succession sorrend
sequentially sorrendben
ordinal sorrendi
destiny sors
fate sors
lot sors
predestination sors
linotype sorszedőgép
fusillade sortűz
salvo sortűz
tabes sorvadás
sos sos
briny sós
saline sós
sorrel sóska
salinity sósság
saltiness sósság
saltless sótlan
defatted sovány
lean sovány
scrag sovány
skinny sovány
stalky sovány
emacitation soványság
leanness soványság
scragginess soványság
hankering sóvárgás
yearning sóvárgás
hanker sóvárog
yearn sóvárog
jingo soviniszta
jingoist soviniszta
jingoism sovinizmus
salting sózás
salted sózott
tetter sömör
taproom söntés
scavenge söpör
sweep söpör
swept söpört
trash söpredék
sweeper söprögető
beer sör
sorbet sörbet
mane sörény
pellet sörét
brewery sörfőzde
brewer sörfőző
schooner söröskorsó
stein söröskorsó
brasserie söröző
bristle sörte
nay sőt
yea sőt
dark sötét
stygian sötét
dun sötétbarna
darkling sötétedő
darkly sötétség
darkness sötétség
murkiness sötétség
spaghetti spagetti
spaniel spániel
spaniard spanyol
spanish spanyol
spain spanyolország
asparagus spárga
broccoli spárgakel
spatula spatula
speculator spekuláns
spinach spenót
spermatozoon spermium
squiffy spicces
nark spicli
peacher spicli
squeaker spicli
spinet spinét
spiral spirál
helix spirálvonal
meths spiritusz
spontaneous spontán
unprompted spontán
spore spóra
sporangium spóratok
sport sport
blazer sportkabát
roadster sportkocsi
sportsman sportoló
sportsmen sportolók
sportswear sportruházat
sportsmanlike sportszerű
sportsmanship sportszerűség
unsportsmanlike sportszerűtlen
gymkhana sportünnepély
sprint sprint
scoot! spuri!
stabilizer stabilizátor
stadium stadion
stadia stadionok
stadiums stadionok
statistical staisztikai
cornet stanicli
statics statika
statistics statisztika
statistician statisztikus
etc stb.
rhino steksz
roneo stencil
stencil stencil
roneo stencilgép
quilted steppelt
sterile steril
sterilize sterilizál
sterilization sterilizálás
sterilized sterilizált
stylize stilizál
style stílus
sytle stílus
energize stimulál
pouf stoki
pouffe stoki
darn stoppolás
lido strand
plage strand
fancyman strici
pimp strici
ponce strici
whoremonger strici
stanza strófa
strophic strófás
ostrich strucc
structures struktúrák
structured strutúrált
studio stúdió
barker stukker
gat stukker
inspire sugalmaz
inspiration sugalmazás
radius sugár
ray sugár
radii sugarak
spokewise sugarasan
radially sugárban
radiobiology sugárbiológia
decontamination sugárfertőtlení
radial sugárirányú
radiotherapy sugárkezelés
avenue sugárút
boulevard sugárút
radiance sugárzás
radiation sugárzás
radiate sugárzik
radiant sugárzó
teleprompter súgógép
flit suhan
whisk suhint
whisk suhintás
swish suhog
swish suhogás
whir suhogás
whirr suhogás
smite sújt
heft súly
weight súly
wt. súly
onerous súlyos
weighty súlyos
sorely súlyosan
aggravate súlyosbít
aggravation súlyosbítás
onerousness súlyosság
weightiness súlyosság
weightlessness súlytalanság
smitten súlytott
smote súlytott
hangdog sunyi
sneaking sunyi
friction súrlódás
scour súrolás
scrubbing súrolás
scrubber súroló
scourer surolókefe
scrubbingbrush súrolókefe
hearthstone súrolókő
rustle susog
rustle susogás
sough susogás
rustling susogó
cobbler suszter
whisper suttog
whispering suttogás
whisperer suttogó
deaf süket
deafen süketít
deafness süketség
ulex sülbige
baked sült
fried sült
roasted sült
sink süllyed
prolapse süllyedés
sag süllyedés
sinking süllyedő
recessed süllyesztett
sunk süllyesztett
sinkable süllyeszthető
hedgehog sün
expedite sürget
hustle sürgölődik
bustling sürgölődő
exigent sürgős
rush! sürgős
urgent sürgős
urgency sürgősség
compress sűrít
condense sűrít
compression sűrítés
condensation sűrítés
condensed sűrített
compressible sűríthető
dense sűrű
serried sűrű
thicket sűrű
densely sűrűn
density sűrűség
fry süt
cake sütemény
mincemeat sütemény
muffin sütemény
pastries sütemény
roasting sütés
bask sütkérezik
bake sütni
roast sütni
baking sütő
frier sütő
fryer sütő
oven sütő
gridiron sütőrostély
wuther süvölt
cockroach svábbogár
roach svábbogár
switzerland svájc
swede svéd
swedish svéd
sweden svédország
dodger svindler
dupery svindli
hooey svindli
shenanigan svindli
swizzle svindli
disengaged szabad
footloose szabad
free szabad
frees szabad
unengaged szabad
unfettered szabad
unoccupied szabad
freer szabadabb
patentee szabadalmas
afield szabadban
liberal szabadelvű
liberalism szabadelvűség
whiggery szabadelvűség
freeman szabadember
leisure szabadidő
freehand szabadkézi
freemason szabadkőműves
masonic szabadkőműves
freedom szabadság
furlough szabadság
liberty szabadság
freestyle szabadstílus
freestyle szabadstílusú
riddance szabadulás
freelance szabadúszó
maverick szabadúszó
rule szabály
precept szabályelv
regular szabályos
orderly szabályosan
regularly szabályosan
orderliness szabályosság
regulate szabályoz
regulator szabályozó
controlled szabályozott
infringement szabálysértés
violator szabálysértő
normality szabályszerűség
erratic szabálytalan
irregular szabálytalan
irregularity szabálytalanság
rules szabályzat
tailoring szabászat
sartorial szabászati
tailor szabó
sartorius szabóizom
tailoress szabónő
sabotage szabotázs
saboteur szabotőr
standard szabvány
standardized szabványos
standardize szabványosít
standardization szabványosítás
polony szafaládé
saveloy szafaládé
gravy szaft
smell szag
staccato szaggatottan
smell szaglás
nuzzle szaglász
olfactory szaglószervi
smelled szagolt
smelt szagolt
odorless szagtalan
odourless szagtalan
scentless szagtalan
scud száguldás
sahara szahara
saccharin szaharin
lips száj
mouth száj
drab szajha
jade szajha
strumpet szajha
trull szajha
hector szájhős
swaggerer szájhős
swashbuckler szájhős
muzzle szájkosár
palate szájpadlás
mouthpiece szájrész
halitosis szájszag
mouthed szájú
cook szakács
cookbook szakácskönyv
schismatic szakadár
seceder szakadár
schism szakadás
torn szakadásos
chasm szakadék
cleft szakadék
gulch szakadék
precipice szakadék
ravine szakadék
barb szakáll
beard szakáll
whiskers szakáll
bearded szakállas
whiskered szakállas
platoon szakasz
squad szakasz
stanzaic szakaszos
specialist szakember
alienist szakér
expertness szakértelem
proficiency szakértelem
expert szakértő
tearing szakítás
skilled szakképzett
nomenclature szakkifejezések
trained szakkópzett
trade szakma
vocational szakmai
terminology szaknyelv
terminological szaknyelvi
specialize szakosít
specialized szakosított
specialization szakosodás
workmanlike szakszerű
expertly szakszerűen
workmanship szakszerűség
amateurish szakszerűtlen
unworkmanlike szakszerűtlen
consultant szaktanácsadó
consulting szaktanácsadó
specialty szakterület
expertise szaktudás
lingo szakzsargon
filament szál
scoot szalad
ribbon szalag
tape szalag
rosette szalagcsokor
streamer szalagzászló
salamander szalamandra
salami szalámi
stringiness szálasság
hemstitch szálhúzás
salicylic szalicil
grainline szálirány
barbed szálkás
accommodations szállás
billets szállás
lodgement szállás
lodging szállás
lodgment szállás
quarters szállás
convey szállít
deliver szállít
purvey szállít
carrying szállítás
conveyance szállítás
portage szállítás
porterage szállítás
transport szállítás
transportation szállítás
transportable szállítható
forwarder szállítmányozó
transporter szállítmányozó
conveyer szállító
conveyor szállító
purveyor szállító
supplier szállító
hotel szálloda
haulm szalma
boater szalmakalap
leghorn szalmakalap
strawy szalmás
straw szalmaszál
xeranthemum szalmavirág
pallet szalmazsák
palliasse szalmazsák
parlor szalon
parlour szalon
whippet szalonagár
snipe szalonka
presentable szalonképes
bacon szalonna
speck szalonna
napkin szalvéta
serviette szalvéta
digit szám
no. szám
numb. szám
number szám
donkey szamár
moke szamár
snook szamárfül
fiddlesticks szamárság
calculation számítás
calculus számítás
computation számítás
calculuses számítások
computer számítógép
computers számítógépek
computerize számítógépesít
computerized számítógépesített
computername számítógépnév
digit számjegy
digits számjegyek
outlaw számkivetett
account számla
bill számla
o/a számlájára
counter számláló
numerator számláló
invoice számláz
numeral számnév
nos. számok
numbers számok
count számol
numerate számol
count számolás
counting számolás
numeration számolás
reckoning számolás
calculating számoló
reckoner számoló
counted számolt
numerous számos
considerable számottevő
samovar szamovár
numbered számozott
numeric számszerű
numerical számszerű
countless számtalan
innumerable számtalan
myriad számtalan
numberless számtalan
unnumbered számtalan
arithmetic számtan
mathemetics számtan
arithmetical számtani
mathematical számtani
no. számú
simoom számum
banish száműz
proscribe száműz
relegate száműz
expatriation száműzés
proscription száműzés
relegation száműzés
banishment száműzetés
proscription száműzetés
proscriptive száműző
exile száműzött
accountant számvevő
comptroller számvevő
destine szán
sleigh szán
pitiful szánakozó
abject szánalmas
deplorable szánalmas
miserable szánalmas
piteous szánalmas
pitiable szánalmas
miserably szánalmasan
compassion szánalom
pity szánalom
sanatorium szanatórium
sanitarium szanatórium
sandal szandál
intention szándék
intentional szándékos
premeditated szándékos
purposive szándékos
wilful szándékos
willful szándékos
deliberately szándékosan
designedly szándékosan
purposely szándékosan
wilfully szándékosan
willfully szándékosan
deliberateness szándékosság
wilfulness szándékosság
willfulness szándékosság
intend szándékozik
intended szándékozott
disposed szándékú
sled szánkó
sledge szánkó
sleigh szánkó
toboggan szánkó
tobogganer szánkózó
sandalwood szantálfa
ploughing szántás
plowing szántás
ploughman szántóvető
plowman szántóvető
fleet szapora
prolific szapora
accession szaporulat
soap szappan
lather szappanhab
soapy szappanos
sud szappanosvíz
suds szappanosvíz
crap szar
feces szar
muck szar
shit szar
turd szar
stem szár
defecation szarás
arid száraz
dry száraz
dryasdust száraz
proser száraz
land szárazföld
mainland szárazföld
overland szárazföldi
terrene szárazföldi
drily szárazon
dryly szárazon
aridity szárazság
drought szárazság
drouth szárazság
xerophilous szárazságkedvelő
xerophyte szárazságkedvelő
smilax szárcsagyökér
pilchard szardínia
sardine szardínia
sardinia szardínia
s.o.b. szarházi
defecate szarik
desiccate szárít
parch szárít
drying szárítás
dryer szárító
siccative szárító
kiln szárítókemence
dried szárított
magpie szarka
delphinium szarkaláb
larkspur szarkaláb
sarcophagus szarkofág
ancestry származás
lineage származás
parentage származás
derive származik
derivation származtatás
vane szárny
wing szárny
soaring szárnyaló
hydrofoil szárnyashajó
poultry szárnyasok
fowling szárnyasvadászat
pinion szárnytoll
mucky szaros
shat szart
horny szaru
cornea szaruhártya
sclerotitis szaruhártyagyulladás
horner szaruműves
horned szarvas
stag szarvas
hart szarvasbika
troat szarvasbőgés
buckskin szarvasbőr
deerskin szarvasbőr
suede szarvasbőr
buckskins szarvasbőrnadrág
truffle szarvasgomba
polled szarvatlan
saxon szász
sassoon szasszon
satin szaténselyem
satyr szatír
satire szatíra
satirist szatíraíró
satirical szatírikus
chandler szatócs
sauna szauna
words szavak
savanna szavanna
savannah szavanna
guarantee szavatol
guaranteed szavatolt
renege szavátszegi
polling szavazás
voting szavazás
poll szavazat
suffrage szavazat
vote szavazat
puisne szavazó
voter szavazó
ballot szavazócédula
sax szaxofon
saxophone szaxofon
hundred száz
hundredth századik
hundredths századok
centile százalék
percent százalék
percentage százalék
centipede százlábú
millepede százlábú
millipede százlábú
myriapod százlábú
scolopendra százlábú
manyplies százrétű
hundredfold százszoros
hundredfold százszorosan
daisy százszorszép
moonflower százszorszép
seance szeánsz
nicer szebb
typeset szed
picking szedés
vertiginous szédítő
collector szedő
dizziness szédülés
giddiness szédülés
vertigo szédülés
dizzy szédülő
giddy szédülő
blithering szédült
brad szegecs
rivet szegecs
riveting szegecselés
border szegély
hem szegély
hemline szegély
margin szegély
rim szegély
skirts szegély
thrum szegély
verge szegély
frieze szegélydísz
hemmed szegélyes
kerbstone szegélykő
batten szegélyléc
pauper szegény
poor szegény
poorly szegényen
penurious szegényes
pokey szegényes
poorly szegényesen
poorness szegényesség
poorness szegénység
poverty szegénység
carnation szegfű
clove szegfűszeg
segmentname szegmensnév
segmentregister szegmensregiszter
breastbone szegycsont
sternum szegycsont
disgrace szégyen
disrepute szégyen
shame szégyen
blemish szégyenfolt
stigma szégyenfolt
discreditable szégyenletes
disgraceful szégyenletes
shameful szégyenletes
bashful szégyenlős
sheepish szégyenlős
shamefacedly szégyenlősen
shameless szégyentelen
blushing szégynlős
seismograph szeizmográf
chair szék
wain szekér
adz szekerce
cathedral székesegyház
minster székesegyház
constipation székrekedés
obstipation székrekedés
costive székrekedéses
sect szekta
sector szektor
sectors szektorok
sequential szekvenciális
wind szél
lee szélárnyék
calm szélcsend
doldrums szélcsend
brink széle
selective szelektív
selectivity szelektivitás
selenium szelén
valve szelep
valves szelepek
valvular szelepes
gusty szeles
windy szeles
broad széles
wide széles
wider szélesebb
broaden szélesít
flightiness szelesség
windiness szelesség
breadth szélesség
latitude szélesség
width szélesség
latitudinal szélességi
slice szelet
slicer szeletelő
slicer szeletelőgép
windbreak szélfogó
chiseller szélhámos
hustler szélhámos
impostor szélhámos
mountebank szélhámos
rogue szélhámos
swindler szélhámos
trickster szélhámos
barney szélhámosság
humbug szélhámosság
roguery szélhámosság
bland szelíd
gentle szelíd
meek szelíd
tame szelíd
taming szelídítés
tame szelídített
tamer szelídítő
meekness szelídség
mildness szelídség
tameness szelídség
mastiff szelindek
gloss széljegyzet
weathercock szélkakas
ghost szellem
spirit szellem
salty szellemes
witty szellemes
wittily szellemesen
witticism szellemeskedés
wit szellemesség
psychic szellemi
psychical szellemi
necromancy szellemidézés
necromancer szellemidéző
breezy szellős
ventilation szellőzés
aerate szellőztet
ventilate szellőztet
airing szellőztetés
ventilation szellőztetés
windmill szélmalom
windless szélmentes
anemometer szélmérő
luff széloldal
windward széloldali
flurry szélroham
extremity szélsőség
extreme szélsőséges
extremist szélsőséges
palsy szélütés
leeward szélvédett
windscreen szélvédő
windshield szélvédő
counterfoil szelvény
coupon szelvény
segment szelvény
eye szem
grain szem
optic szem
semaphore szemafor
semaphores szemaforok
confront szembekerül
facing szemben
opposite szemben
opposition szembenállás
syzygy szembenállás
envisage szembenéz
confrontation szembesítés
outface szembeszáll
opposing szembeszegülve
ladderproof szembiztos
grain szemcse
granule szemcse
grained szemcsés
grainy szemcsés
granular szemcsés
granulated szemcsés
granulous szemcsés
granularity szemcsésség
granulate szemcséz
granulation szemcsézés
blinkers szemellenző
person személy
personally személyesen
personalities személyeskedés
personal személyi
personality személyiség
impersonal személytelen
personnel személyzet
staff személyzet
pornographic szeméremsértő
vulva szeméremtest
mizzle szemerkél
coy szemérmes
shamefaced szemérmes
unashamed szemérmetlen
iota szemernyi
oculist szemész
ophthalmology szemészet
ophthalmological szemészeti
garbage szemét
litter szemét
rubbish szemét
midden szemétdomb
brash szemetelen
garbageman szemetesember
sweepings szemétkupac
ogle szemez
jugglery szemfényvesztés
thimblerigging szemfényvesztés
thimblerigger szemfényvesztő
tush szemfog
ophthalmia szemgyulladás
eyelid szemhéj
seminar szeminárium
consider szemlél
contemplate szemlél
graphically szemléletesen
bystander szemlélő
contemplation szemlélődés
contemplative szemlélődő
exemplification szemléltetés
illustration szemléltetés
illustrative szemléltető
eyepiece szemlencse
ocular szemlencse
wart szemölcs
brow szemöldök
eyebrow szemöldök
lintel szemöldökfa
transom szemöldökfa
mascara szempillafesték
blame szemrehányás
reproach szemrehányás
reproachful szemrehányó
eyeful szemrevaló
aspect szemszög
eyewitness szemtanú
witness szemtanú
barash szemtelen
brassy szemtelen
cheeky szemtelen
impertinet szemtelen
impudent szemtelen
saucy szemtelen
freshness szemtelenség
impudence szemtelenség
sauciness szemtelenség
perkily szemtelenül
ophthalmoscope szemtükör
glasses szemüveg
lorgnette szemüveg
spectacles szemüveg
specs szemüveg
spectacled szemüveges
carbon szén
coal szén
hay széna
haycock szénaboglya
haystack szénaboglya
haymaking szénakaszálás
haymaker szénakaszáló
hayloft szénapadlás
senator szenátor
senatorship szenátorság
senate szenátus
colliery szénbánya
doze szendergés
sandwich szendvics
hod szenesláda
carbohydrate szénhidrát
doting szenilis
senile szenilis
senility szenilitás
senna szennabokor
holy szent
saint szent
saintly szent
homily szentbeszéd
sermon szentbeszéd
consecrate szentel
sacred szentelt
apse szentély
chancel szentély
sanctuary szentély
sanctum szentély
sanctify szentesít
sanctified szentesített
pharisaical szenteskedő
trinity szentháromság
holiness szentség
sacrament szentség
sainthood szentség
saintliness szentség
sanctity szentség
simony szentségárulás
sacramental szentségi
monstrance szentségtartó
pyx szentségtartó
profanity szentségtörés
sacrilege szentségtörés
sacrilegius szentségtörő
suffer szenved
passion szenvedély
impassioned szenvedélyes
passionate szenvedélyes
temperamental szenvedélyes
hotly szenvedélyesen
affliction szenvedés
misery szenvedés
sufferer szenvedő
emotionless szenvtelen
passionless szenvtelen
sensation szenzáció
sensational szenzációs
filth szenny
squalor szenny
filthy szennyes
filthiness szennyesség
contaminate szennyez
pollute szennyez
contamination szennyezés
uncontaminated szennyezetlen
unpolluted szennyezetlen
contaminated szennyezett
polluted szennyezett
pollutant szennyező
impurities szennyeződés
pollution szennyeződés
sewage szennyvíz
sewerage szennyvíz
sullage szennyvíz
wasteway szennyvízelfolyás
beauty szép
nice szép
sightly szép
separatist szeperetista
penmanship szépírás
beautify szépít
euphemistic szépített
freckle szeplő
freckled szeplős
immaculate szeplőtlen
spotless szeplőtlen
stainless szeplőtlen
unblemished szeplőtlen
beauty szépség
sightliness szépség
beauteous szépséges
sept. szept.
september szeptember
wed. szer.
wednesday szerda
blackamoor szerecsen
saracen szerecsen
nutmeg szerecsendió
fitment szerelék
apparel szerelés
enamor szerelmes
enamour szerelmes
spoony szerelmeskedő
lovers szerelmespár
amatory szerelmi
amorous szerelmi
fitter szerelő
mechanic szerelő
mounter szerelő
repairer szerelő
repairman szerelő
serviceman szerelő
turncock szerelő
overalls szerelőruha
nocturne szerenád
serenade szerenád
luck szerencse
gamble szerencsejáték
gambler szerencsejátékos
felicitation szerencsekívánat
fortunately szerencsére
luckily szerencsére
favored szerencsés
fortunate szerencsés
lucky szerencsés
providential szerencsés
sonsy szerencsés
calamitous szerencsétlen
hapless szerencsétlen
unfortunate szerencsétlen
unlucky szerencsétlen
wretched szerencsétlen
adversity szerencsétlenség
calamity szerencsétlenség
contretemps szerencsétlenség
discrete szerény
frugal szerény
humble szerény
modest szerény
unassertive szerény
unobtrusive szerény
unpresuming szerény
unpretending szerény
unpretentious szerény
frugality szerénység
modesty szerénység
role szerep
roleplay szerepjáték
roreplay szerepjáték
performer szereplő
casting szereposztás
like szeret
love szeret
affection szeretet
loveless szeretetlen
likable szeretetreméltó
likeable szeretetreméltó
amiability szeretetreméltóság
fondly szeretettel
petting szeretgetés
affectionate szerető
fond szerető
lover szerető
loving szerető
paramour szerető
sweetheart szerető
extremely szerfelett
pursuance szerint
contraption szerkentyű
gadget szerkentyű
gimmick szerkentyű
edit szerkeszt
editing szerkesztés
edited szerkesztett
editor szerkesztő
editorial szerkesztői
editors szerkesztők
fabric szerkezet
framework szerkezet
structure szerkezet
structural szerkezeti
tectonic szerkezeti
structurally szerkezetileg
togs szerkó
appliances szerlvények
serology szerológia
tools szerszámok
toolshed szerszámoskamra
liturgy szertartás
rite szertartás
liturgical szertartásos
ritual szertartásos
extravagant szertelen
immoderate szertelen
inordinate szertelen
extravagance szertelenség
serum szérum
organ szerv
organic szerves
organically szervesen
inorganic szervetlen
organize szervez
organisation szervezet
organism szervezet
organization szervezet
unorganized szervezetlen
organized szervezett
organizer szervező
servicing szerviz
servicing szervizelés
hi szervusz
attainment szerzemény
convent szerzet
friar szerzetes
monk szerzetes
votary szerzetes
author szerző
getter szerző
contract szerződés
covenant szerződés
contractual szerződéses
contracting szerződő
spirits szesz
caprice szeszély
freak szeszély
vagary szeszély
whim szeszély
whimsy szeszély
capricious szeszélyes
skittish szeszélyes
whimsical szeszélyes
whimsicality szeszélyesség
alcoholic szeszes
spirituous szeszes
distillery szeszfőzde
disintegration szétbomlás
decompose szétbont
unfold szétbont
unsqueeze szétbontás
unsqueezing szétbontott
disintegrate szétesik
derange széthány
rive széthasít
slitting széthasítás
rived széthasított
riven széthasított
factious széthúzó
disconnect szétkapcsol
disengage szétkapcsol
uncouple szétkapcsol
mangle szétmarcangol
crumble szétmorzsol
unfurl szétnyit
dissipation szétoszlatás
diffusion szétosztás
dispensation szétosztás
dispensing szétosztás
distribution szétosztás
burst szétszakadás
disrupt szétszakít
disruption szétszakítás
unsquash szétszed
unsquashing szétszedett
disassemble szétszerelés
diffuse szétszór
disperse szétszór
dissipate szétszór
scattering szétszóródás
scattered szétszórt
straggling szétszórt
outspread széttárt
lacerate széttép
disjunction szétválás
disjoin szétválaszt
unyoke szétválaszt
disjunctive szétválasztó
disconnected szétválasztott
dissever szétválik
disorganization szétzüllesztés
sexy szexi
sexy szexis
sexology szexológia
sextant szextáns
sesame szezám
season szezon
sphere szféra
sphinx szfinksz
hallo szia
siam sziám
siamese sziámi
sicily szicília
sicilian szicíliai
chide szid
gyp szid
vituperative szidalmazó
vituperation szidalom
scolding szidás
chid szidott
siphon szifon
syphon szifon
sparklet szifonpaton
island sziget
isle sziget
islet szigetecske
insulate szigetel
insulation szigetelés
insulator szigetelő
sealer szigetelőanyag
islander szigetlakó
archipelago szigetvilág
gaff szigony
gig szigony
harpoon szigony
austerity szigor
rigor szigor
rigour szigor
mods szigorlat
austere szigorú
exacting szigorú
rigorous szigorú
rigourous szigorú
severe szigorú
stern szigorú
strict szigorú
stringent szigorú
strictly szigorúan
austerity szigorúság
severity szigorúság
sternness szigorúság
strictness szigorúság
stringency szigorúság
strap szíj
thong szíj
strapping szíjazat
saddler szíjgyártó
haggard szikár
lancet szike
scalpel szike
rock szikla
boulder szikladarab
rockery sziklakert
craggy sziklás
rocky sziklaszilárd
scintilla szikra
spark szikra
sparking szikrázás
sparkling szikrázás
splint szilánk
shatterproof szilánkmentes
chippings szilánkok
firm szilárd
solid szilárd
steady szilárd
firmly szilárdan
stably szilárdan
steadily szilárdan
solidity szilárdsád
firmness szilárdság
fixity szilárdság
steadiness szilárdság
elm szilfa
silicon szilícium
silica sziliciumdioxid
silicate szilikát
silhouette sziluett
damson szilva
plum szilva
hogmanay szilveszter
sylvester szilveszter
sylvia szilvia
flair szimat
sniff szimatol
snoop szimatol
sniff szimatolás
emblematical szimbólikus
symbolize szimbolizál
symphony szimfónia
symphonic szimfonikus
symmetry szimmetria
symmetrical szimmetrikus
symphaty szimpátia
malinger szimulál
malingerer szimuláns
simulator szimuláns
color szín
colour szín
tint szín
hue színárnyalat
drama színdarab
colors színek
colours színek
colored színes
coloured színes
tinged színes
actor színész
trouper színész
histrionic színészi
theatrically színészkedve
actress színésznő
coloration színezés
colouration színezés
toning színezés
coloring színező
colouring színező
tinctorial színező
pigment színezőanyag
playhouse színház
theater színház
theatre színház
theatrical színházi
playgoer színházlátogató
scene színhely
iridescence színjátszás
theatricals színjátszás
iridescent színjátszó
spectrum színkép
spectra színképek
spectrums színképek
spectroscopy színképelemzés
syncopation szinkópa
syncopate szinkopál
dub szinkron
synchronize szinkronizál
dubbing szinkronizálás
synchronization szinkronizálás
dubbed szinkronizált
synchromesh szinkronváltó
playbill színlap
pretend színlel
simulate színlel
affectation színlelés
dissimulation színlelés
simulation színlelés
dissimulate színlelt
histrionics színművészet
synonym szinonima
synonyms szinonímák
stage színpad
scenis színpadi
scenic színpadias
stagey színpadias
stagy színpadias
colorful színpompás
colourful színpompás
flamboyant színpompás
level szint
troupe színtársulat
colorfast színtartó
colourfast színtartó
fadeless színtartó
colorless színtelen
colourless színtelen
uncolored színtelen
uncoloured színtelen
decolorize színtelenít
also szintén
synthetize szintetizál
levelling szintezés
leveling szintező
hued színű
tinct színű
decolorization színvesztés
snuffle szipákol
snuffle szipákolás
crone szipirtyó
sniffle szipog
sniffle szipogás
fireworks sziporkázás
scintillation sziporkázás
sparkle sziporkázás
scintillate sziporkázik
snuff szippantás
siren sziréna
petalled szirmos
petaled szirmú
petal szirom
julep szirup
syrup szirup
julep szirupos
mushy szirupos
syrupy szirupos
hiss sziszegés
sibilant sziszegő
systolic szisztolés
sieve szita
dragonfly szitakötő
sift szitál
drizzle szitálás
sifter szitáló
imprecate szitok
sioux sziú
heart sziv
loofah szivacs
sponge szivacs
spongy szivacsos
sponginess szivacsosság
cigar szivar
leakage szivárgás
ooze szivárgás
trickle szivárog
rainbow szivárvány
sunbow szivárvány
iris szivárványhártya
suction szívás
heartbeat szívdobogás
cordial szívélyes
hearty szívélyes
heartily szívélyesen
heartiness szívélyesség
accommodating szíves
certainly! szívesen!
favour szivesség
kindliness szívesség
kindness szívesség
tough szívós
toughish szívós
persistence szívósság
persistency szívósság
toughness szívósság
wiriness szívósság
sipper szívószál
systole szívösszehúzódás
harrowing szívszaggató
heartless szívtelen
heartlessness szívtelenség
skiff szkiff
slalom szlalom
slang szleng
slangy szlenges
tuxedo szmoking
snob sznob
snobbish sznob
snobbery sznobizmus
snobbishness sznobizmus
vocable szó
word szó
tirade szóáradat
chamber szoba
room szoba
decorator szobafestő
indoor szobai
chambermaid szobalány
housemaid szobalány
maid szobalány
orally szóban
houseplants szobanövények
roomful szobáravaló
housebroken szobatiszta
oral szóbeli
verbal szóbeli
viva szóbeli
wordy szóbeli
verbalism szóbeliség
wordiness szóbeliség
sculpt szobor
sculpture szobor
statue szobor
volubility szóbőség
sculptor szobrász
statuary szobrászat
sculptural szobrászati
sculptural szobrászi
sculptress szobrásznő
figurine szobrocska
socialist szocialista
socialism szocializmus
sociology szociológia
sociological szociológiai
natron szóda
soda szóda
etymology szófejtés
etymologic szófejtő
etymological szófejtő
wordprocessor szófeldolgozó
disobey szófogadatlan
obedient szófogadó
windbag szófosó
glossary szógyűjtemény
soy szója
soya szója
soybean szójabab
pun szójáték
quibble szójáték
punster szójátékcsináló
localism szok
custom szokás
habit szokás
acceptation szokásos
accustomed szokásos
customar szokásos
customary szokásos
habitual szokásos
using szokásos
usual szokásos
wonted szokásos
habitually szokásszerűen
ordinarily szokásszerűen
outlandish szokatlan
unaccustomed szokatlan
unfamiliarity szokatlan
unusual szokatlan
unwonted szokatlan
unusually szokatlanul
trope szókép
lexis szókészlet
lexicology szókészlettan
ellipsis szókihagyás
skirt szoknya
skirting szoknyaanyag
philanderer szoknyabolond
wont szokott
space szóköz
habituate szoktat
phrase szólam
strings szólánc
solarium szolárium
locution szólás
locution szólásmód
parlance szólásmód
servitor szolga
thrall szolga
slavish szolgai
serve szolgál
service szolgálat
serving szolgálat
servility szolgalelkűség
handmaid szolgálólány
supplied szolgáltat
facilities szolgáltatások
services szolgáltatások
servitude szolgaság
solitaire szoliter
solmizate szolmizál
solo szóló
soloist szólóénekes
recital szólóest
sat. szomb.
sabbath szombat
saturday szombat
sabbatical szombati
sabbatarian szombatos
thirsting szomjas
thirsty szomjas
thristy szomjas
thirst szomjúság
cheerless szomorú
dismal szomorú
distressed szomorú
doleful szomorú
joyless szomorú
melancholy szomorú
sad szomorú
sadly szomorúan
woefully szomorúan
sadder szomorúbb
sadness szomorúság
neighbor szomszéd
neighbour szomszéd
adjacent szomszédos
adjoining szomszédos
neighboring szomszédos
neighbouring szomszédos
neighborhood szomszédság
neighbourhood szomszédság
vicinity szomszédság
sonata szonáta
probe szonda
sonnet szonett
orator szónok
rhetorician szónok
spouter szónok
oratorical szónoki
rhetorical szónoki
spouting szónoklás
declamation szónoklat
harangue szónoklat
oration szónoklat
rhetoric szónoklattan
declaim szónokol
speechify szónokol
doublet szópár
suckle szopik
soprano szoprán
nursing szoptatás
suckling szoptatás
disperse szór
distraction szórakozás
diversion szórakozás
entertainment szórakozás
pleasance szórakozás
recreational szórakozási
absentminded szórakozott
distract szórakoztat
entertain szórakoztat
amusement szórakoztatás
amuse szórakoztatni
amusing szórakoztató
diverting szórakoztató
entertainer szórakoztató
entertaining szórakoztató
scatter szórás
assiduous szorgalmas
diligent szorgalmas
industrious szorgalmas
sedulous szorgalmas
studiously szorgalmasan
assiduity szorgalom
diligence szorgalom
castor szóró
dispersal szóródás
dispersion szóródás
spreader szórógép
phobia szorongás
beset szorongat
besett szorongatott
tight szoros
closely szorosan
tightly szorosan
tautness szorosság
tightness szorosság
multiply szoroz
strewed szórt
strewn szórt
sort szortíroz
sorting szortírozás
sorter szortírozó
sporadic szórványos
stray szórványos
sparsely szórványosan
sporadically szórványosan
multiplicand szorzandó
multiplication szorzás
multiplier szorzó
sauce szósz
pleonasm szószaporítás
tautology szószaporítás
verbiage szószaporítás
pleonastic szószaporító
gabbler szószátyár
prolix szószátyár
garrulity szószátyárság
prolixity szószátyárság
pulpit szószék
advocate szószóló
syllable szótag
syllabify szótagol
syllabic szótagoló
lexicology szótan
dictionary szótár
lexicon szótár
vocabulary szótár
lexical szótári
lexicography szótárírás
lexicographer szótárszerkesztő
speechless szótlan
wordless szótlan
spokesman szóvivő
weave sző
grasshopper szöcske
angle szög
bevel szög
clinch szögel
nook szöglet
angular szögletes
angularity szögletesség
protractor szögmérő
blond szőke
blonde szőke
flaxen szőke
desertion szökés
elopement szökés
escapee szökevény
fountain szökőkút
viticulture szőlészet
viticultural szőlészeti
grape szőlő
grapes szőlő
vine szőlő
glucose szőlőcukor
vinery szőlőkert
viniculture szőlőművelés
redwing szőlőrigó
vinery szőlőskert
vineyard szőlőskert
grapevine szőlőtőke
sumac szömörce
sumach szömörcefa
gremlin szöny
carpet szőnyeg
rug szőnyeg
windsurf szörf
aquaplane szörfdeszka
surfing szörfözés
windsurfing szörfözés
fell szőrme
peltry szőrmeáru
furriery szőrmebolt
tippet szőrmegallér
monster szörny
appaling szörnyű
atrocious szörnyű
awful szörnyű
dire szörnyű
direful szörnyű
grisly szörnyű
gruesome szörnyű
horrid szörnyű
monstrous szörnyű
outrageous szörnyű
atrocity szörnyűség
enormity szörnyűség
monstrosity szörnyűség
bristly szőrös
furry szőrös
hairy szőrös
hirsute szőrös
cavil szőröz
wiredrawn szőrszálhasogató
hairless szőrtelen
depilatory szőrtelenítő
text szöveg
parser szövegelemző
stylistics szövegezés
wording szövegezés
stylistic szövegezési
stylistically szövegezésileg
librettist szövegíró
lyricist szövegíró
libretto szövegkönyv
textbook szövegkönyv
librettist szövegkönyvíró
exegesis szövegmagyarázat
context szövegösszefüggés
weaving szövés
nankeen szövet
texture szövet
web szövet
weft szövet
woof szövet
drapery szövetek
necrosis szövetelhalás
coalition szövetkezés
coalesce szövetkezik
nankeens szövetnadrág
alliance szövetség
confederacy szövetség
federation szövetség
allied szövetséges
ally szövetséges
confederate szövetséges
allies szövetségesek
federal szövetségi
histology szövettan
labyrinthine szövevényes
wove szövött
woven szövött
starlet sztárjelölt
stardom sztárvilág
stearin sztearin
stereo sztereó
stethoscope sztetoszkóp
strike sztrájk
striker sztrájkoló
picketing sztrájkőrség
stratosfera sztratoszféra
peeler sztriptíztáncosnő
stroboscope sztroboszkóp
soubrette szubrett
subsonic szubszónikus
subtropical szubtrópusi
honeysuckle szulák
sulphate szulfát
sulphide szulfid
sulphite szulfit
sultan szultán
snooze szundikál
nap szundikálás
snooze szundikálás
slumber szundít
slumber szundítás
gnat szúnyog
mosquito szúnyog
super szuper
superphosphate szuperfoszfát
superpower szuperhatalom
superman szuperman
supersonic szuperszónikus
sting szúr
prick szúrás
pricking szúrás
stab szúrás
pitchy szurkos
smarting szúró
stabbing szúró
stinging szúró
bayonet szurony
prickly szúrós
stinger szúrós
snift szuszog
jockstrap szuszpenzor
slatternly szutykos
sovereignty szuverenitás
furrier szűcs
suffragette szüfrazsett
cramped szűk
strait szűk
narrowly szűken
insular szűklátókörű
insularism szűklátókörűség
insularity szűklátókörűség
ungenerous szűkmarkú
destitution szűkölködés
destitude szűkölködő
necessitous szűkölködő
needy szűkölködő
pinched szűkös
skimpy szűkös
straitened szűkös
emergency szükség
exigence szükség
need szükség
necessitate szükségeltet
necessary szükséges
needful szükséges
requisite szükséges
necessarily szükségképpen
needs szükségképpen
necessities szükségletek
needless szükségtelen
unneeded szükségtelen
laconic szűkszavú
succinct szűkszavú
obstetrician szülész
midwifery szülészet
obstetric szülészet
obstetrics szülészet
obstetrical szülészeti
midwife szülésznő
birth születés
nativity születés
natal születési
natality születési
birthday születésnap
born született
née született
parent szülő
fatherland szülőföld
homeland szülőföld
parental szülői
folks szülők
parents szülők
entr'acte szünet
pause szünet
recess szünet
hols szünidő
ceaseless szüntelen
incessant szüntelen
unceasing szüntelen
unremitting szüntelen
filtrate szűr
filtration szűrés
straining szűrés
vintage szüret
vintager szüretelő
gray szürke
grey szürke
grizzly szürkemedve
greyish szürkés
greyness szürkeség
dusk szürkület
twilight szürkület
filter szűrő
strainer szűrő
seepage szűrődés
colander szűrőtölcsér
cullender szűrőtölcsér
surrealist szürrealista
surrealism szürrealizmus
filtered szűrt
maidenlike szűz
virgin szűz
maidenhood szüzesség
virginity szüzesség
chastity szűzesség
hymen szűzhártya
maidenhead szűzhártya
virginal szűzi
chaste szűzies
maidenlike szűzies
maidenly szűzies
chastity szűziesség
pane tábla
panel tábla
tables táblák
tabular táblás
chart táblázat
tabling táblázat
spreadsheet táblázatkezelő
tabular táblázatos
pill tabletta
tabloid tabletta
camp tábor
campground táborhely
campsite táborhely
encampment táborozás
camper táborozó
taboo tabu
tabulator tabulátor
shindig tácmulatság
basset tacskó
dachshund tacskó
foxhound tacskó
taffeta taft
member tag
deny tagad
disbelieve tagad
disclaim tagad
gainsay tagad
denial tagadás
negation tagadás
undeniable tagadhatatlan
undeniably tagadhatatlanul
deniable tagadható
gainsaid tagadott
gainsayed tagadott
capacious tágas
roomy tágas
spacious tágas
capaciousness tágasság
roominess tágasság
spaciousness tágasság
chunky tagbaszakadt
construe taglal
disjoint taglal
inarticulate tagolatlan
articulated tagolt
membership tagság
dilate tágul
widen tágul
dilatation tágulás
dilation tágulás
uninformed tájékozatlan
orientation tájékozódás
orientalist tájékozódó
aware tájékozott
knowing tájékozott
inform tájékoztat
informative tájékoztató
orienteering tájfutás
landscape tájkép
orientate tájol
dialect tájszólás
meershaum tajték
scum tajték
weaver takács
webster takács
passbook takarékkönyv
chary takarékos
parsimonious takarékos
sparing takarékos
thrifty takarékos
thriftily takarékosan
economize takarékoskodik
economy takarékosság
parsimony takarékosság
thrift takarékosság
thriftiness takarékosság
fodder takarmány
forage takarmány
blanket takaró
curfew takarodó
spruce takaros
trimness takarosság
snotty taknyos
makeshift tákolmány
patchwork tákolmány
snot takony
glanders takonykór
tactics taktika
tactical taktikai
tactician taktikai
bowl tál
dish tál
platter tál
pot tál
glebe talaj
ground talaj
soil talaj
grader talajgyalu
mulch talajtakarás
found talál
hit találat
ingenious találékony
inventive találékony
invention találékonyság
guess találgatás
tryst találka
encounter találkozás
encountered találkozás
encounters találkozások
meet találkozik
appointment találkozó
meeting találkozó
venue találkozóhely
met találkozott
contrivance találmány
aptly találóan
haply talán
maybe talán
mayhap talán
possibly talán
pedestal talapzat
salver tálca
tray tálca
barrow talicska
amulet talizmán
mascot talizmán
talisman talizmán
porringer tálka
talon talon
sola talp
soling talpalás
insole talpbetét
bootlicker talpnyaló
crawler talpnyaló
groveling talpnyaló
grovelling talpnyaló
snappy talpraesett
snappily talpraesetten
abscess tályog
stanchion tám
aggression támadás
attack támadás
inroad támadás
onslaught támadás
assailant támadó
offensive támadó
raider támadó
crutch támasz
mainstay támasz
prop támasz
supporter támasz
propped támasztott
tambourine tamburin
buttress támfal
assist támogat
befriend támogat
espouse támogat
subsidize támogat
support támogat
supports támogat
backing támogatás
espousal támogatás
furtherance támogatás
subsidy támogatás
subvention támogatás
furtherer támogató
seconder támogató
supporting támogató
upholder támogató
subsidized támogatott
subventioned támogatott
supported támogatott
tampon tampon
doctrine tan
lore tan
advice tanács
council tanács
counsel tanács
adviser tanácsadó
advisor tanácsadó
advisory tanácsadó
consultative tanácsadó
consulting tanácsadó
counsellor tanácsadó
mentor tanácsadó
consultative tanácsadói
consultation tanácskozás
symposium tanácskozás
deliberative tanácskozó
aldermen tanácsnok
advise tanácsol
recommend tanácsol
councilor tanácsos
senatorial tanácsosi
councillor tanácstag
curriculum tananyag
schoolmaster tanár
teacher tanár
professorial tanári
schoolmistress tanárnő
donnish tanáros
dance tánc
dancing tánc
dancing táncolás
prancing táncolás
dancer táncos
tandem tandem
tango tangó
teach tanít
schoolmastering tanítás
teaching tanítás
unteachable taníthatatlan
disciple tanítvány
pupil tanítvány
refuel tankol
refueling tankolás
refuelling tankolás
apprentice tanonc
prentice tanonc
professorship tanszék
classroom tanterem
schoolroom tanterem
doctrine tantétel
stagger tántorgás
totter tántorgás
groggy tántorgó
tottery tántorgó
testifier tanú
learn tanul
study tanul
uneducated tanulatlan
unlearned tanulatlan
untaught tanulatlan
untutored tanulatlan
illiteracy tanulatlanság
docile tanulékony
teachable tanulékony
docility tanulékonyság
study tanulmányoz
tolearn tanulni
learner tanuló
student tanuló
apprenticeship tanulóidő
edification tanulság
edifying tanulságos
instructive tanulságos
educated tanult
learned tanult
learnt tanult
taught tanult
testifier tanúságtevő
evince tanúsít
testify tanúsít
vouch tanúskodik
attestation tanúvallomás
homestead tanya
toft tanya
plate tányér
lickspitte tányérnyaló
adhere tapad
adherence tapadás
adhesion tapadás
adherent tapadó
experience tapasztalat
empiric tapasztalati
empirical tapasztalati
callow tapasztalatlan
freshwater tapasztalatlan
inexperienced tapasztalatlan
unfledged tapasztalatlan
experienced tapasztalt
practised tapasztalt
wallpaper tapéta
tact tapintat
inconsiderate tapintatlan
indiscreet tapintatlan
maladroit tapintatlan
tactless tapintatlan
undiplomatic tapintatlan
indiscretion tapintatlanság
discreet tapintatos
tactful tapintatos
tactfully tapintatosan
impalpable tapinthatatla
tactile tapintható
tapioca tápióka
tapir tapír
feed táplál
nourish táplál
nutrition táplálás
unfed táplálatlan
nourishment táplálék
nutriment táplálék
nutritional táplálkozási
alimentary tápláló
nourishing tápláló
nutrient tápláló
nutritious tápláló
nutritive tápláló
fingering tapogatás
feeler tapogató
tentacular tapogatós
trample tapos
tread tapos
treadmill taposómalom
trod taposott
applause taps
plaudits taps
clapping tapsolás
applaud tapsolni
tare tára
howitzer tarackágyú
rowel taraj
tarantella tarantella
tarantula tarantellapók
dial tárcsa
dialing tárcsázás
dialling tárcsázás
dray targonca
object tárgy
subject tárgy
objects tárgyak
confer tárgyal
discussion tárgyalás
negotiation tárgyalás
talks tárgyalás
transitive tárgyas
accusative tárgyeset
objective tárgyi
objective tárgyilagos
objectivity tárgyilagosság
intransitive tárgytalan
objectless tárgytalan
cadge tarhálás
thesaurus tárház
brindled tarka
dappled tarka
mottled tarka
particolored tarka
particoloured tarka
pied tarka
kaleidoscopic tarkabarka
piebald tarkafoltos
variegation tarkaság
dapple tarkít
nape tarkó
scruff tarkó
tarragon tárkony
stubble tarló
taroc tarokk
tarot tarokk
store tárol
stores tárol
buffering tárolás
storage tárolás
archiver tároló
buffered tárolt
stored tárolt
storing tárolt
archived tárolva
associate társ
companion társ
fellow társ
mate társ
partner társ
sidekick társ
social társadalmi
societal társadalmi
society társadalom
antisocial társadalomellenes
sociologist társadalomkutató
companions társak
dialogue társalgás
discourse társalgás
conversational társalgási
duenna társalkodónő
gregarious társas
caboodle társaság
company társaság
covey társaság
waggonette társaskocsi
wagonette társaskocsi
friendless társtalan
unbefriended társtalan
unfriended társtalan
partnership társulás
brotherhood társulat
keep tart
keeps tart
backlog tartalék
spare tartalék
reservist tartalékos
comprise tartalmaz
consist tartalmaz
consists tartalmaz
contain tartalmaz
exists tartalmaz
include tartalmaz
includes tartalmaz
consistency tartalmazás
containing tartalmazás
contains tartalmaznak
included tartalmazott
content tartalom
contents tartalom
container tartály
receptacle tartály
reservoir tartály
tank tartály
tanker tartályhajó
duration tartam
tartan tartán
alimony tartásdíj
indefensíble tarthatatlan
untenable tarthatatlan
stores tartja
holder tartó
retaining tartó
cantilever tartókar
provender tartomány
province tartomány
durable tartós
enduring tartós
lasting tartós
permanent tartós
durative tartósan
durability tartósság
durableness tartósság
permanence tartósság
permanency tartósság
held tartott
holding tartott
kept tartott
debit tartozás
appurtenance tartozék
dependency tartozék
equipage tartozék
accessories tartozékok
equipage tartozékok
owe tartozik
abstention tartózkodás
abstinence tartózkodás
coyness tartózkodás
dwelling tartózkodás
forborne tartózkodás
residence tartózkodás
residential tartózkodási
abide tartózkodik
abstain tartózkodik
eschew tartózkodik
retiring tartózkodó
undemonstrative tartózkodó
unresponsive tartózkodó
reservedly tartózkodóan
forbore tartózkodott
owing tartozó
bag táska
baggy táskás
unattractive taszító
guvnor tata
tartar tatár
renovation tatarozás
linaria tátika
snapdragon tátika
gaping tátongó
distance táv
springtide tavasz
springtime tavasz
vernal tavaszi
springlike tavaszias
binoculars távcső
telephoto távfelvétel
unmanned távirányítású
cablegram távirat
telegram távirat
telegramme távirat
telegraphic távirati
telegraphy táviratozás
telegraphist távírdász
telegraph távíró
teleprinter távíró
teletype távíró
teletypewriter távíró
communications távközlés
telecommunication távközlés
perspective távlat
telemeter távmérő
asunder távol
distant távol
distant távoli
outlying távoli
remote távoli
remoteness távoliság
absence távollét
absent távollévő
distance távolság
telemeter távolságmérő
congé távozás
leaving távozás
outgoing távozó
cab taxi
taxi taxi
taximeter taxióra
cabby taxisofőr
cabman taxisofőr
cabbed taxizik
taxied taxizott
tuberculosis tbc
thou te
you te
tea tea
teahouse teaház
teacup teáscsésze
teacupful teáscsészényi
teaspoon teáskanál
teaspoonfull teáskanálnyi
teapot teáskanna
bedlam tébolyda
technics technika
technical technikai
technician technikus
technocracy technokrácia
technocrat technokrata
technology technológia
thee téged
theeing tegezés
thouing tegezés
brick tégla
brickwork téglafal
brickyard téglagyár
oblong téglalap
rectangle téglalap
yesterday tegnap
cow tehén
lowing tehénbőgés
burden teher
encumbrance teher
fardel teher
lading teher
lorry teherautó
truck teherautó
unencumbered tehermentes
truckage teherszállítás
trucking teherszállítás
incapable tehetetlen
inert tehetetlen
incapacity tehetetlenség
inertia tehetetlenség
inertness tehetetlenség
attainments tehetség
talent tehetség
gifted tehetséges
talented tehetséges
untalented tehetségtelen
milk tej
milkman tejárus
dairy tejbolt
milky tejes
dairyman tejesember
sourcream tejföl
toffee tejkaramella
flummery tejkrém
custard tejsodó
skimmings tejszín
cream tejszínhab
lactiferous tejtermő
galaxy tejút
galactic tejúti
creamery tejüzem
skittle tekebáb
skittles tekejáték
coil tekercs
reel tekercs
roll tekercs
winding tekercselés
convolution tekeredés
twisty tekeredő
wriggle tekergőzés
wiggle tekergőzik
tortuous tekervényes
punctilio teketória
bowler tekéző
prestige tekintély
prestigious tekintélyes
respectable tekintélyes
stately tekintélyes
stateliness tekintélyesség
regard tekintet
testaceous teknős
terrapin teknősbéka
tortoise teknősbéka
turtle teknősbéka
tortoiseshell teknőspáncél
wasting tékozló
winter tél
tel. tel.
replete tele
telefax telefax
telephotograph telefax
telephotography telefaxolás
telephone telefon
telephony telefonálás
booth telefonfülke
telephonist telefonkezelő
operator telefonos
croft telek
wintering telelés
telelens teleobjektív
telepathy telepátia
telepathic telepatikus
homesteader telepes
settler telepes
telescope teleszkóp
teloscope teleszkóp
telescopic teleszkópos
replenish teletölt
cram teletöm
crammed teletömött
television televízió
telex telex
insatiable telhetetlen
fraught teli
full teli
winter téli
winterly télies
wintry télies
overstock telít
saturate telít
unsaturated telítetlen
saturated telített
repletion telítettség
saturation telítettség
steeped telítve
absolute teljes
complete teljes
entire teljes
plenary teljes
whole teljes
absolutely teljesen
altogether teljesen
completely teljesen
entirely teljesen
fully teljesen
thoroughly teljesen
thoughout teljesen
utterly teljesen
wholly teljesen
comply teljesít
fulfil teljesít
fulfill teljesít
achievement teljesítés
performance teljesítés
impracticability teljesíthetetlenség
throughput teljesítmény
completeness teljesség
entirety teljesség
fullness teljesség
fulness teljesség
plenitude teljesség
fruition teljesülés
plenipotentiary teljhatalmú
midwinter télközép
steeped telve
theme téma
topic téma
topics témák
thematic tematikus
burial temetés
funeral temetés
interment temetés
obsequies temetés
cemetery temető
churchyard temető
graveyard temető
necropolis temető
tempera tempera
church templom
kirk templom
steeple templomtorony
goldfinch tengelic
axis tengely
axle tengely
shaft tengely
pivot tengelycsap
axial tengelyes
linchpin tengelyszög
sea tenger
submarine tengeralattjáró
seaworthy tengerálló
oversea tengerentúl
oversea tengerentúli
transatlantic tengerentúli
transoceanic tengerentúli
bluejacket tengerész
leatherneck tengerész
mariner tengerész
sailor tengerész
seafarer tengerész
seaman tengerész
naval tengerészeti
reefer tengerészkabát
seaward tengerfelé
seawards tengerfelé
marine tengeri
maritime tengeri
seasick tengeribeteg
seasickness tengeribetegség
seafaring tengerjáró
oceanography tengerkutatás
admiral tengernagy
beach tengerpart
seashore tengerpart
seaside tengerpart
shore tengerpart
coastal tengerparti
tarn tengerszem
kyle tengerszoros
brine tengervíz
tennis tenisz
racket teniszütő
racquet teniszütő
thyself tenmagad
thyself tenmagadat
tenor tenor
fact tény
palm tenyér
palmate tenyéralakú
palmist tenyérjós
palmistry tenyérjóslás
vegetate tenyészik
breeding tenyésztés
breeder tenyésztő
factor tényező
modulus tényező
officiate ténykedik
positively tényleg
actual tényleges
factual tényleges
substantive tényleges
positiveness ténylegesség
theodolite teodolit
frypan tepsi
skillet tepsi
square tér
unproductive ter2éketlen
patio terasz
terrace terasz
spatial térbeli
hough térd
knee térd
kneel térdel
hassock térdelőpárna
knelt térdelt
genuflection térdhajtás
patella térdkalács
breeches térdnadrág
britches térdnadrág
detour terelőút
hall terem
originate teremt
creation teremtés
creature teremtmény
terrain terep
jeep terepjáró
capacity térfogat
cubage térfogat
cumbrous terh
stereophonic térhanghatású
stereophonic térhatású
stereoscopic térhatású
encumber terhel
burdensome terhes
gravid terhes
inconvenient terhes
plegnant terhes
pregnant terhes
gestation terhesség
pregnancy terhesség
spoolkey terít
compass terjedelem
coverage terjedelem
extent terjedelem
bulky terjedelmes
large terjedelmes
voluminous terjedelmes
largeness terjedelmesség
propagate terjeszt
spread terjeszt
spreading terjesztés
spred terjesztett
propagator terjesztő
atlas térkép
map térkép
cartographer térképész
topographer térképész
topographic térképészeti
topographical térképészeti
mapping térképezés
produce termék
product termék
products termékek
fecund termékeny
fertile termékeny
fecundity termékenység
fertility termékenység
fruitfulness termékenység
barren terméketlen
fruitless terméketlen
infertile terméketlen
unfertile terméketlen
unfruitful terméketlen
infertility terméketlenség
produces termel
productiveness termelékenység
productivity termelékenység
production termelés
grower termelő
raiser termelő
produced termelt
stereography térmértan
crop termés
freestone terméskő
termite termesz
nature természet
temper természet
natural természetes
unadulterated természetes
unaffected természetes
unforced természetes
unstudied természetes
naturally természetesen
naturalism természetesség
preternatural természetfeletti
naturalistic természethű
naturalist természettudós
grow termeszt
grew termesztett
stature termet
burly termetes
thermodynamics termodinamika
thermonuclear termonukleáris
growing termő
loam termőtalaj
topsoil termőtalaj
turpentine terpentin
bestridden terpeszben
sprawl terpeszkedés
straddle terpeszülés
straddled terpeszülésben
terrier terrier
terror terror
terrorist terrorista
terrorize terrorizál
terrorism terrorizmus
area terület
region terület
territory terület
tract terület
plan terv
project terv
plot tervez
designing tervezés
planning tervezés
design tervezet
project tervezet
proposed tervezett
designer tervező
framer tervező
planner tervező
sketcher tervező
planless tervszerűtlen
stagnate tesped
body test
corpus test
physique testalkat
gait testartás
bodiless testetlen
disembodied testetlen
incorporeal testetlen
fitting testhezálló
bodily testi
carnal testi
corporal testi
corporeal testi
guardsman testőr
posture testtartás
corp testület
corps testület
syndicate testület
corporate testületi
corporative testületi
syndical testületi
sibling testvér
fratricide testvérgyilkosság
brotherlike testvéri
brotherly testvéri
sisterly testvéri
brotherlike testvéries
brotherly testvéries
sisterly testvéries
brotherliness testvériség
fraternity testvériség
sisterhood testvériség
do tesz
does tesz
put tesz
puts tesz
batter tészta
dough tészta
paste tészta
pastry tészta
pie tészta
doughy tésztás
pasty tésztás
tests tesztek
tetanus tetanusz
top teteje
upside teteje
file/item tétel
item tétel
proposition tétel
theorem tétel
thesis tétel
items tételek
carcase tetem
carcass tetem
corpse tetem
idle tétlen
inactive tétlen
inoperative tétlen
inaction tétlenség
inactivity tétlenség
vague tétova
tattoo tetoválás
tattooed tetovált
hesitation tétovázás
irresolution tétovázás
vacillation tétovázás
hesitate tétovázik
vacillate tétovázik
irresolute tétovázó
vacillating tétovázó
cope tető
roof tető
skylight tetőablak
tile tetőcserép
roofer tetőfedő
pitch tetőfok
rafter tetőgerenda
acme tetőpont
apex tetőpont
apogee tetőpont
climax tetőpont
culmination tetőpont
vertexes tetőpontok
vertices tetőpontok
roofing tetőszerkezet
mansard tetőtér
culminate tetőz
culminate tetőzik
tetrahedron tetraéder
liking tetszés
arbitrary tetszőleges
optional tetszőleges
act tett
doing tett
feat tett
acts tettek
did tettem
feign tettet
feint tettetés
shammed tettetett
louse tetű
lice tetűk
nit tetűtojás
lousy tetves
camel teve
dromedary teve
err téved
miss tévedés
oversight tévedés
fallibility tévedhetőség
telefilm tévéfilm
teleplay tévéjáték
action tevékenység
activity tevékenység
activities tevékenységek
telecast tévéközvetítés
televiewer tévénéző
mistaken téves
falsely tévesen
heterodoxy tévhit
misbelief tévhit
heterodox tévhitű
misjudgement tévítélet
misjudgment tévítélet
doer tevő
textile textil
textiles textilipar
tallyman textilkereskedő
draper textilüzlet
ye ti
thine tied
yours tied
typhoid tífusz
typhus tífusz
tiger tigris
sultry tikkasztó
sweltering tikkasztó
inhibition tilalom
interdict tilalom
prohibition tilalom
swingle tilol
must'nt tilos
prohibited tilos
inhibit tilt
counterblast tiltakozás
expostulation tiltakozás
protest tiltakozás
protestation tiltakozás
recrimination tiltakozás
expostulatory tiltakozó
objector tiltakozó
protester tiltakozó
recriminatory tiltakozó
vetoed tiltakozott
prohibitive tiltó
forbidden tiltott
illicit tiltott
tanner tímár
tawer tímár
tannery tímárműhely
tawery tímárműhely
pediment timpanon
alum timsó
tina tina
ink tinta
polyp tintahal
sepia tintahal
squid tintahal
inky tintás
inkstand tintatartó
typically tipikusan
dowel tipli
tipster tippadó
type típus
yew tiszafa
irreverent tiszeletlen
clean tiszta
cleanly tiszta
limpid tiszta
neat tiszta
nett tiszta
pure tiszta
sheer tiszta
unalloyed tiszta
undefiled tiszta
unsoiled tiszta
unsullied tiszta
clearly tisztán
purely tisztán
discernment tisztánlátás
glade tisztás
cleanliness tisztaság
cleanness tisztaság
clearness tisztaság
limpidity tisztaság
lucidity tisztaság
purity tisztaság
unchaste tisztátalan
unclean tisztátalan
defilement tisztátalanság
impurity tisztátalanság
uncleanness tisztátalanság
unclean tisztátlan
impurity tisztátlanság
clarification tisztázás
uncleared tisztázatlan
unexplained tisztázatlan
respects tisztel
revere tisztel
venerate tisztel
esteem tisztelet
respect tisztelet
reverence tisztelet
tribute tisztelet
veneration tisztelet
honorary tiszteletbeli
honorarium tiszteletdíj
reverential tiszteletetteljes
disrespectful tiszteletlen
disrespect tiszteletlenség
irreverence tiszteletlenség
venerable tiszteletreméltó
worshipful tiszteletreméltó
respectability tiszteletreméltóság
deferential tiszteletteljes
respectful tiszteletteljes
respectfully tiszteletteljesen
respectfulness tisztelettudás
respecter tisztelő
reverent tisztelő
honorable tisztességes
righteous tisztességes
squareness tisztességesség
crooked tisztességtelen
fraudulent tisztességtelen
unfair tisztességtelen
dishonesty tisztességtelenség
unfairly tisztességtelenül
clarify tisztít
cleanse tisztít
purify tisztít
cleaning tisztítás
purging tisztítás
purification tisztítás
purifying tisztítás
cleaner tisztító
launder tisztító
purgatory tisztítótűz
salaried tisztségviselő
salariat tisztségviselők
employee tisztviselő
functionary tisztviselő
officer tisztviselő
amanuensis titkár
secretary titkár
secretarial titkári
secretariat titkárság
secretaryship titkárság
secretive titkoló
secretive titkolózó
covert titkolt
crypt titkos
esoteric titkos
furtive titkos
stealthy titkos
surreptitious titkos
undercover titkos
unlisted titkos
cryptogram titkosírás
cryptic titkosít
encrypting titkosítás
encryption titkosítás
encrypted titkosítot
cryptic titkosított
secret titok
surreptitiously titokban
secrecy titoktartás
enigmatical titokzatos
mystic titokzatos
mystical titokzatos
bacchanal tivornya
bender tivornya
carousal tivornya
jinks tivornya
revelry tivornya
reveller tivornyázó
ten tíz
dime tízcentes
decade tized
tithe tized
decimate tizedel
decimation tizedelés
decimal tizedes
tenth tizedik
tenthly tizedszer
tenthly tizedszerre
eleven tizenegy
eleventh tizenegyedik
teenage tizenéves
teenager tizenéves
thirteenth tizenharmadik
thirteen tizenhárom
sixteen tizenhat
semiquaver tizenhatod
sixteenth tizenhatodik
hexadecimal tizenhatos
sixteen tizenhatos
seventeen tizenhét
seventeenth tizenhetedik
twelfth tizenkettedik
twelvemo tizenkettedrét
twelve tizenkettő
nineteen tizenkilenc
nineteenth tizenkilencedik
fourteen tizennégy
fourteenth tizennegyedik
fifteen tizenöt
fifteenth tizenötödik
eighteen tizennyolc
eighteenth tizennyolcadik
tenner tízes
decennial tízévenkénti
decalogue tízparancsolat
decathlon tízpróba
tenfold tízszeres
tenfold tízszeresen
lake tó
loch tó
lough tó
recruiting toborzás
recruitment toborzás
pineal toboz
orgiastic tobzódó
sump tócsa
toga tóga
egg tojás
elliptic tojásdad
elliptical tojásdad
ovoid tojásdad
albumen tojásfehérje
oviparous tojásrakó
vitellus tojássárgája
yolk tojássárgája
shirr tojássütés
boll tok
casing tok
toque tok
sturgeon tokhal
awn toklász
glume toklász
intrude tolakodik
importunate tolakodó
intruder tolakodó
intrusive tolakodó
obtrusive tolakodó
reversing tolatás
shunt tolatás
shunting tolatás
shunter tolató
yardsman tolatómunkás
feather toll
pen toll
plume toll
feathery tollas
badminton tollaslabda
shuttlecock tollaslabda
battledore tollasütő
preen tollászkodik
feathering tollazat
plume tollazat
penholder tollszár
quill tollszár
pencilbox tolltartó
upstroke tollvonás
interpreter tolmács
rendering tolmácsolás
picklock tolvaj
pilferer tolvaj
rustler tolvaj
taker tolvaj
thief tolvaj
picklock tolvajkulcs
thieves tolvajok
raffle tombola
tombola tombola
rampage tombolás
blunt tompa
obtuse tompa
unpointed tompa
dullness tompaság
deaden tompít
dimmed tompított
dipped tompított
bluntness tompultság
torpidness tompultság
tonality tonalitás
tuna tonhal
tunny tonhal
ton tonna
tonne tonna
tonicity tónus
topaz topáz
tatterdemalion toprongyos
firth torkolat
barricade torlasz
bottleneck torlódás
confuse torlódás
gymnastic torna
gymnastics torna
arcade tornác
veranda tornác
verandah tornác
sneakers tornacipő
trunks tornanadrág
gymnasium tornaterem
turret tornyocska
towered tornyos
towery tornyos
turreted tornyos
throat torok
diphteria torokgyík
pharyngitis torokgyulladás
guttural torokhang
gland torokmandula
gargle toroköblítő
tower torony
towering toronymagas
torpedo torpedó
toreador torreádor
distortion torzulás
totalizator totalizátor
totem totem
pools totó
dodder totyog
forth tovább
farther további
further további
henceforward továbbiakban
forwarding továbbítás
radix tő
root tő
more több
several több
pluralistic többelvű
pluralism többelvüség
plural többesszám
divers többféle
polyandry többférjűség
multistage többfokozatú
others többiek
polytheism többistenhit
polysemantic többjelentésű
supertax többletadó
polygamist többnejű
polygamous többnejű
polygamy többnejűség
majority többség
plurality többség
polyphonic többszólamú
polyphony többszólamúság
polysyllabic többszótagú
multiple többszörös
multiples többszörösök
polynomial többtagú
polysyllabic többtagú
udder tőgy
pumpkin tök
cod tőkehal
haddock tőkehal
hake tőkehal
consummate tökéletes
perfect tökéletes
perfectly tökéletesen
improvement tökéletesítés
perfection tökéletesítés
perfectible tökéletesíthető
imperfect tökéletlen
imperfection tökéletlenség
capitalist tőkés
capitalization tőkésítés
chump tökfej
dolt tökfej
dullard tökfej
mooncalf tökfej
noodle tökfej
numskull tökfej
mooncalves tökfejek
blockhead tökfejű
goof tökfilkó
blotto tökrészeg
sozzled tökrészeg
cone tölcsér
funnel tölcsér
estuary tölcsértorkolat
oak tölgy
oaken tölgy
teak tölgy
oak tölgyfa
teak tölgyfa
fill tölt
fills tölt
expletive töltelékszó
bandoleer töltényöv
dam töltés
filler töltőanyag
cram töm
block tömb
arrays tömbök
bulk tömeg
crowd tömeg
mass tömeg
mob tömeg
swarm tömeg
throng tömeg
multitudinous tömeges
pauperism tömegnyomor
scuffle tömegverekedés
gravity tömegvonzás
undiluted tömény
vitriol töménykénsav
cramming tömés
stuffing tömés
gasket tömítés
lute tömítés
wad tömítés
frankincense tömjén
cense tömjénez
censer tömjénező
thurifer tömjénező
thurible tömjénfüstölő
compact tömör
compendious tömör
terse tömör
tersely tömören
compresses tömörítések
compressed tömörített
compactness tömörség
concision tömörség
massiveness tömörség
pithiness tömörség
terseness tömörség
crammed tömött
squab tömzsi
stumpy tömzsi
billet tönk
stipe tönk
ruined tönkrement
wrecked tönkrement
ruination tönkretétel
wrecking tönkretétel
greaves töpörtyű
cud töpreng
pensiveness töprengés
broody töprengő
pensive töprengő
ruminative töprengő
break tör
dagger tőr
trapped tőrbeesett
fragmentation tördelés
wrapping tördelés
fraction töredék
fragment töredék
snippet töredék
fragmentary töredékes
breakable törékeny
brittle törékeny
crumbly törékeny
fragile törékeny
frail törékeny
frangible törékeny
slimpsy törékeny
slimsy törékeny
fragility törékenység
frailty törékenység
aspire törekszik
aspiration törekvés
endeavour törekvés
breakage törés
breaking törés
fracture törés
breakpoint töréspont
unbroken töretlen
undiminished töretlen
unbreakable törhetetlen
marc törköly
cancellation törlés
clearing törlés
deleting törlés
deletion törlés
erasure törlés
wipe törlés
cancels törlések
deletes törlések
destroys törlések
releases törlések
amortize törleszt
debris törmelék
detritus törmelék
reck törődik
turk török
turkish török
turkey törökország
delete töröl
rubout töröl
cancelled törölt
clears töröltek
cleared törölve
deleted törölve
destroyed törölve
broken törött
dwarfish törpe
pigmy törpe
pygmy törpe
runt törpe
budgerigar törpepapagáj
fractional tört
historic történelmi
historical történelmi
happening történés
historian történész
history történet
tale történet
becomes történik
betide történik
fallout történik
happen történik
happens történik
became történt
climber törtető
pusher törtető
thruster törtető
towel törülköző
toweling törülközőanyag
towelling törülközőanyag
law törvény
statute törvény
juridical törvényes
legitimate törvényes
statutory törvényes
legally törvényesen
legitimatize törvényesít
legitimation törvényesítés
legality törvényesség
legitimacy törvényesség
municipality törvényhatóság
municipal törvényhatósági
legislation törvényhozás
legislature törvényhozás
legislative törvényhozó
legislator törvényhozó
legislative törvényhozói
jurisdiction törvénykezés
forensic törvényszéki
illegitimate törvénytelen
unlawful törvénytelen
illegitimacy törvénytelenség
torso törzs
tribe törzs
trunk törzs
headman törzsfőnök
pendragon törzsfőnök
hangout törzshely
haunt törzshely
tribal törzsi
frequenter törzsvendég
holly tövis
mandrell tövis
peat tőzeg
sphagnum tőzegmoha
jobber tőzsdeügynök
tobacconist trafikos
transformer trafó
flivver tragacs
jalopy tragacs
bawdy trágár
indecent trágár
obscene trágár
ribald trágár
scatological trágár
scurrilous trágár
swinish trágár
indecency trágárság
obscenity trágárság
ribaldry trágárság
swinishness trágárság
tragedy tragédia
tragedienne tragika
tragicomedy tragikomédia
tragicomical tragikomikus
tragedian tragikus
tragic tragikus
tragical tragikus
fatally tragikusan
tragically tragikusan
dung trágya
excrement trágya
fertilizer trágya
manure trágya
ordure trágya
fertilize trágyáz
fertilization trágyázás
tractor traktor
transformational transzformációs
transistor tranzisztor
transistorize tranzisztorizál
trapeze trapéz
trapezium trapéz
trapezoid trapéz
fun tréfa
hoax tréfa
jest tréfa
comical tréfás
droll tréfás
facetious tréfás
humorous tréfás
humourous tréfás
larky tréfás
sportive tréfás
humorously tréfásan
humourously tréfásan
tribune tribün
tricycle tricikli
singlet trikó
stockinet trikó
stockinette trikó
tricot trikó
vest trikó
stockinet trikóanyag
stockinette trikóanyag
trill trilla
warble trillázás
warbling trillázás
quintillion trillió
trillion trillió
trilogy trilógia
trimmer trimmer
trio trió
triply triplán
gonnorhea tripper
gonnorhoea tripper
triton triton
triumvirate triumvirátus
trojan trójai
trumpet trombita
trumpeting trombitálás
trumpeter trombitás
thrombosis trombózis
throne trón
dethronement trónfosztás
interregnum trónüresedés
tropic trópikus
tropical trópusi
trinitrotoluene trotil
gleeman trubadúr
troubadour trubadúr
knack trükk
ploy trükk
trick trükk
tricks trükkök
tuba tuba
dozen tucat
able tud
know tud
knows tud
wot tud
bookish tudálékos
pedant tudálékos
pedantic tudálékos
pedantry tudálékosság
learning tudás
schizophrenia tudathasadás
schizophrenic tudathasadásos
ignoramus tudatlan
ignorant tudatlan
unknowing tudatlan
ignorance tudatlanság
wittingly tudatosan
awareness tudatosság
couldst tudhat
ology tudomány
science tudomány
scientific tudományos
unscholarly tudománytalan
unscientific tudománytalan
cognizance tudomás
bookman tudós
scholarly tudós
scientist tudós
informant tudósító
bookmen tudósok
could tudott
knew tudott
wist tudtál
toucan tukánmadár
overtax túladóztatás
belongings tulajdon
ownership tulajdon
property tulajdon
proprietorship tulajdon
attributable tulajdonítható
ownership tulajdonjog
proprietorship tulajdonjog
properties tulajdonok
owner tulajdonos
possessor tulajdonos
proprietor tulajdonos
proprietress tulajdonosnő
attribute tulajdonság
attribution tulajdonság
feature tulajdonság
features tulajdonságok
properties tulajdonságok
ebullient túláradó
overrate túlbecsül
supererogatory túlbuzgó
supererogation túlbuzgóság
overflows túlcsordul
overflow túlcsordulás
overflowed túlcsordult
overpraise túldicsér
outlast túlél
outlive túlél
survive túlél
survival túlélés
survivorship túlélés
survivor túlélő
superelevated túlemelt
overripe túlérett
overstrain túlerőltet
overstrain túlerőltetés
overdriven túlerőltetett
supersensitive túlérzékeny
solaroize túlexponál
overexposure túlexponálás
overdevelop túlfejleszt
overdevelopment túlfejlesztés
overdeveloped túlfejlesztett
overstrung túlfeszített
overrefinement túlfinomultság
overpay túlfizet
overpaid túlfizetett
spillway túlfolyó
overheated túlfűtött
superheated túlfűtött
overdrive túlhajszol
overdrove túlhajszolt
superheat túlhevít
supercool túlhűt
tulip tulipán
oversubscribe túljegyez
impinge túlkapás
overspent túlköltekezett
overspend túlköltekezik
exceed túllép
overstep túllép
outbid túllicitál
overbid túllicitál
overbidden túllicitált
overheat túlmelegszik
oversize túlméret
oversized túlméretes
overwork túlmunka
overpopulated túlnépesedett
overgrowth túlnövés
pressurized túlnyomásos
predominant túlnyomó
preponderant túlnyomó
overhang túlnyúlás
overleaf túloldalon
overtime túlóra
exaggregate túloz
overact túloz
overdraw túloz
outshine túlragyog
overshoot túlrepül
overly túlságosan
too túlságosan
ulterior túlsó
predominance túlsúly
preponderance túlsúly
outbalance túlsúlyos
outweigh túlsúlyos
overweight túlsúlyos
overdone túlsütött
supersaturation túltelítés
supercharged túltelített
plethora túltengés
overburden túlterhel
overcharge túlterhelés
overexertion túlterhelés
overload túlterhelés
overladen túlterhelt
overreach túlterjed
overproduction túltermelés
outrange túltesz
afterlife túlvilág
exaggregation túlzás
excess túlzás
hyperbole túlzás
overdrawn túlzás
overstatement túlzás
excessive túlzó
ultra túlzó
exorbitant túlzott
overdrew túlzott
extremly túlzottan
overcrowd túlzsúfol
overcrowded túlzsúfolt
overcrowding túlzsúfoltság
tumult tumultus
tunic tunika
dunk tunkol
bovine tunya
sloth tunya
sluggish tunya
slothful tunyaság
tour túra
turban turbán
coo turbékolás
turbine turbina
turbojet turbósugárhajtás
rheum turha
touristic turista
tripper turista
hiker túrista
tourist túrista
duffel túristafelszerelés
hostel turistaszálló
delve turkál
blender turmixgép
liquidizer turmixgép
curded túrós
curdy túrós
cheesecake túróslepény
chock tuskó
chump tuskó
log tuskó
andiron tuskóbak
hostage túsz
raft tutaj
raftsman tutajos
needle tű
pin tű
cricket tücsök
crickett tücsök
grig tücsök
lung tüdő
lungs tüdő
pulmonary tüdő
pneumonia tüdőgyulladás
phthisis tüdővész
mirror tükör
palindrome tükörmondat
scramble tülekedés
conifer tűlevelű
hoot tülkölés
tulle tüll
pinhole tűlyuk
elf tündér
elves tündér
fairy tündér
fay tündér
genie tündér
pixie tündér
pixy tündér
sprite tündér
sylph tündér
fairy tündéri
brownie tündérke
fairyland tündérország
coruscate tündöklik
phenomenal tüneményes
premonitory tünet
symptom tünet
syndrome tünetcsoport
symptomatic tüneti
demo tüntetés
demonstrator tüntető
pincushion tűpárna
forbear tűr
forbearance türelem
patience türelem
tolerance türelem
forbearing türelmes
tolerant türelmes
uncomplaining türelmes
anxious türelmetlen
impatient türelmetlen
intolerant türelmetlen
restive türelmetlen
impatience türelmetlenség
intolerance türelmetlenség
sufferance tűrés
insupportable tűrhetetlen
intolerable tűrhetetlen
bearable tűrhető
tolerable tűrhető
tolerably tűrhetően
turquoise türkiz
turquoise türkizkék
suffering tűrő
spike tüske
spine tüske
thorn tüske
brier tüskebokor
spiny tüskés
thorny tüskés
thornless tüskétlen
anon tüstént
sporran tüsző
sneeze tüsszent
sneeze tüsszentés
ardor tűz
fire tűz
fireproof tűzbiztos
fireplug tűzcsap
hydrant tűzcsap
firing tüzelés
gunner tüzér
ardent tüzes
fiery tüzes
pinning tűzés
cooker tűzhely
fire tűzhely
firewood tűzifa
firework tűzijáték
pyrotechnics tűzijáték
flint tűzkő
fireman tűzoltó
extinguisher tűzoltókészülék
pinned tűzött
crucible tűzpróba
conflagration tűzvész
flammable tűzveszélyes
hen tyúk
chickweed tyúkhúr
callus tyúkszem
pimpernel tyúkszem
st. u.
p.s. u.i.
cucumber uborka
gherkin uborka
court udvar
courtyard udvar
grange udvarház
chivalrous udvarias
courteous udvarias
courtly udvarias
mannerly udvarias
polite udvarias
urbane udvarias
chivalry udvariasság
civility udvariasság
comity udvariasság
courteousness udvariasság
politeness udvariasság
urbanity udvariasság
discourteous udvariatlan
disobliging udvariatlan
graceless udvariatlan
impolite udvariatlan
uncomplimentary udvariatlan
uncourtly udvariatlan
ungallant udvariatlan
discourtesy udvariatlanság
incivility udvariatlanság
disoblige udvariatlanul
courtship udvarlás
wooing udvarlás
boyfriend udvarló
suitor udvarló
wooer udvarló
seneschal udvarmester
squire udvarol
woo udvarol
courtier udvaronc
equerry udvaronc
ufo ufo
yap ugat
barking ugatás
hop ugrál
jiggle ugrál
skipping ugrálás
springing ugrálás
hopper ugráló
hopped ugrált
frisk ugrándozik
tittup ugrándozik
jump ugrás
leap ugrás
skip ugrás
springing ugrás
vault ugrás
tease ugrat
teasing ugratás
springer ugró
trampoline ugrószőnyeg
leaped ugrott
leapt ugrott
sprang ugrott
tut ugyan
hoots ugyan!
pish ugyan!
tush! ugyan!hagyd!
ditto ugyanaz
idem ugyanaz
same ugyanaz
ibid. ugyanott
ibidem ugyanott
eh ugye
new új
eftsoon újból
newness újdonság
novelty újdonság
upstart újgazdag
vulgarian újgazdag
innovate újít
innovation újítás
improvements újítások
innovative újító
innovator újító
reformer újító
finger ujj
sleeve ujj
remodel újjáalakít
resurgent újjáéledő
recreate újjáéleszt
revivify újjáéleszt
rebuild újjáépít
rebuilt újjáépített
fingered ujjas
sleeved ujjas
reorganization újjászervezés
rebirth újjászületés
regeneration újjászületés
renascence újjászületés
revival újjászületés
reborn újjászületett
renascent újjászülető
sleeveless ujjatlan
fingertip ujjhegy
exult ujjong
exultation ujjongás
exultant ujjongó
knuckle ujjperc
phalanx ujjperc
phalanges ujjpercek
phalanx ujjperec
phalanges ujjperecek
recent újkeletű
draftee újonc
recruit újonc
rookie újonc
noviciate újoncság
again újra
anew újra
newly újra
reentrancy újrabelépő
repossess újrabirtokol
repack újracsomagol
reunite újraegyesít
reunification újraegyesítés
reunion újraegyesítés
reanimate újraéleszt
reanimation újraélesztés
reafforestation újraerdősítés
reappraisal újraértékelés
reforestation újrafásítás
rehash újrafeldolgoz
rearmament újrafelfegyverkez
redraft újrafogalmaz
retread újrafutóz
reheat újrafűt
reconsideration újragondolás
remarry újraházasodik
readjustment újraigazítás
restart újraindít
reboot újraindítás
reset újraindítás
rebooted újraindított
reinitialize újrainicializálás
recalibrate újrakalibrál
recalibrate újrakalibrálás
resume újrakezd
resumption újrakezdés
rebind újraköt
reopen újramegnyit
reopened újramegnyitott
relit újrameggyújtott
revaccination újraoltás
recast újraönt
reprogrammed újraprogramoz
reprogrammed újraprogramozott
redraw újrarajzol
redrawn újrarajzolt
redrew újrarajzolt
reload újratölt
recut újravág
reface újravakol
newness újság
newspaper újság
newsdealer újságárus
newsvendor újságárus
newsworthy újsághír
journalism újságírás
journalist újságíró
newsman újságíró
publicist újságíró
journalese újságíróstílus
newsagent's újságos
newsprint újságpapír
ukrainian ukrán
ultimatum ultimátum
ultrasonic ultrahang
ultramarine ultramarin
ultramarine ultramarinkék
umber umbrabarna
boring unalmas
dryasdust unalmas
dull unalmas
humdrum unalmas
jejune unalmas
muzzy unalmas
palled unalmas
proser unalmas
prosy unalmas
tedious unalmas
unexciting unalmas
uninteresting unalmas
tediousness unalmasság
boredom unalom
ennui unalom
tedium unalom
bored unatkozó
ounce uncia
oz. uncia
ozs. uncia
uncial unciális
flagitious undok
abhorrence undor
disgust undor
foul undorító
sickening undorító
despite undorodás
abominate undorodik
unintelligent unintelligens
unisex uniszex
grandchild unoka
granddaughter unoka
grandson unoka
niece unokahúg
grandnephew unokaöccs
grandniece unokaöccs
greatnephew unokaöccs
greatniece unokaöccs
nephew unokaöccs
cousin unokatestvér
bore untat
ib. uo.
gent úr
lord úr
mister úr
mr. úr
manorial uradalmi
lordship uradalom
manor uradalom
gentlemen urak
dominate ural
domination uralkodás
masterhood uralkodás
dominate uralkodik
prevail uralkodni
sceptered uralkodó
sceptred uralkodó
sceptered uralkodói
sceptred uralkodói
dominion uralom
lordship uralom
raj uralom
regime uralom
reign uralom
esquire uram
milord uram
sir uram
sire uram
uranium urán
urbanize urbanizál
copyholder úrbéres
gentlemanlike úri
gentlemanly úri
gentleman úriember
gentlefolk úriemberek
gentlefolks úriemberek
gentlewoman úrinő
urn urna
barge uszály
scow uszály
natation úszás
swimming úszás
drift úszik
float úszik
swim úszik
instigate uszít
instigation uszítás
poodle uszkár
afloat úszó
swimmer úszó
webbed úszóhártyás
fin uszony
flipper uszony
swam úszott
swum úszott
path út
rd. út
road út
way út
ways utak
advert utal
allude utal
abhor utál
detest utál
execrate utál
loathe utál
abomination utálat
detestation utálat
distaste utálat
execration utálat
loathing utálat
abominable utálatos
detestable utálatos
distasteful utálatos
loathsome utálatos
odious utálatos
allusive utaló
after után
after utána
afterward utána
consult utánanéz
imitate utánoz
inimitable utánozhatatlan
reinforcements utánpótlás
postposition utántétel
rechargeable utántölthető
imitation utánzás
counterfeit utánzat
imitative utánzó
imitator utánzó
mimetic utánzó
mimic utánzó
mimiked utánzott
reprint utánnyomás
passanger utas
wayfarer utas
instruction utasítás
instructions utasítások
sapper utász
journey utazás
touring utazás
traveling utazás
travelling utazás
trek utazás
voyage utazás
travel utazik
traveler utazó
traveller utazó
gripsack utazótáska
street utca
guttersnipe utcagyerek
mudlark utcagyerek
ragamuffin utcagyerek
scavenger utcaseprő
guidebook útikönyv
plantain útilapu
route útirány
portmanteau utitáska
itinerary utiterv
crossroad útkereszteződés
travelog útleírás
travelogue útleírás
cutoff útlerövidítés
passport útlevél
stopover útmegszakítás
guidance útmutatás
guide útmutató
guides útmutatók
descendant utód
offspring utód
progeny utód
successor utód
progeny utódok
afterthought utógondolat
backwash utóhatás
postscript utóirat
posterity utókor
posterior utólagos
last utolsó
brigand útonálló
footpad útonálló
highwayman útonálló
utopia utópia
utopian utópisztikus
epilog utószó
epilogue utószó
wayside útszéli
pathless úttalan
roadless úttalan
trackless úttalan
carriageway úttest
roadway úttest
pioneer úttörő
labyrinth útvesztő
path útvonal
usury uzsora
usurer uzsorás
usurious uzsorás
refresher üdítőital
benign üdvös
salutary üdvös
salutation üdvözlés
greeting üdvözlet
regards üdvözlet
remembrances üdvözlet
compliments üdvözletek
greet üdvözöl
salute üdvözölni
hosanna üdvrivalgás
lope üget
trot ügetés
trotter ügetőló
affair ügy
shebang ügy
gawk ügyefogyott
adroit ügyes
deft ügyes
dexterous ügyes
handy ügyes
skilful ügyes
skillful ügyes
ably ügyesen
wangle ügyeskedés
adroitness ügyesség
deftness ügyesség
dexterity ügyesség
skilfulness ügyesség
skill ügyesség
skillfullness ügyesség
slickness ügyesség
awkward ügyetlen
clumsy ügyetlen
gawky ügyetlen
unhandy ügyetlen
unskilful ügyetlen
unskillful ügyetlen
bumble ügyetlenkedik
awkwardness ügyetlenség
client ügyfél
clients ügyfelek
clientele ügyfélkör
administrator ügyintéző
business ügylet
transactions ügyletek
agent ügynök
agency ügynökség
procedural ügyrendi
attorney ügyvéd
barrister ügyvéd
lawyer ügyvéd
pleader ügyvéd
solicitor ügyvéd
sit ül
chase üldöz
persecute üldöz
pogrom üldözés
pursuit üldözés
chaser üldöző
persecutor üldöző
pursuer üldöző
ridden üldözött
dregs üledék
lees üledék
sediment üledék
sedimentary üledékes
sedimentation ülepedés
subsidence ülepedés
seat ülés
session ülés
session ülésszak
anvil üllő
sitting ülő
sedilia ülőfülkék
pew ülőhely
sat ült
dibber ültetőfa
plantation ültetvény
planter ültetvényes
feast ünnep
festival ünnep
fiesta ünnep
holiday ünnep
celebrate ünnepel
lionize ünnepel
celebrated ünnepelt
exercises ünnepély
solemnity ünnepély
ceremonial ünnepélyes
salaam ünnepélyes
solemn ünnepélyes
convivial ünnepi
festal ünnepi
festive ünnepi
festive ünnepies
celebration ünneplés
feast ünnepnap
ceremony ünnepség
festival ünnepség
vacuity űr
cavern üreg
cavity üreg
sinus üreg
cavernous üreges
hollow üreges
cottontail üreginyúl
empty üres
hollow üres
unloaded üres
vacant üres
vacuous üres
void üres
rattlebrained üresfejű
emptiness üresség
vacancy üresség
orbiter űrhajó
spacecraft űrhajó
spaceship űrhajó
astronaut űrhajós
spaceman űrhajós
skylab űrlaboratórium
hogshead űrmérték
orbit űrpálya
spacesuit űrruha
tonnage űrtartalom
wether ürü
pretence ürügy
pretense ürügy
pretext ürügy
subterfuge ürügy
kettledrum üstdob
timpano üstdob
timpanist üstdobos
forelock üstök
comet üstökös
gangrenous üszkös
gangrene üszkösödés
heifer üsző
bat üt
beat üt
slap üt
tempo ütem
tick ütem
timings ütem
rhythmic ütemes
scansion ütemezés
timings ütemezés
scheduler ütemező
biff ütés
blow ütés
percussion ütés
slap ütés
spank ütés
stroke ütés
thwack ütés
whack ütés
percussive ütköző
drub ütlegel
drubbing ütlegelés
percussive ütő
racquet ütő
slapper ütő
barmy ütődött
percussions ütőhangszerek
glass üveg
jar üveg
glassware üvegáru
glassman üveges
glazier üveges
glassed üvegezett
conservatory üvegház
glasshouse üvegház
carafe üvegkancsó
bottle üvegpalack
fiberglass üvegszál
fibreglass üvegszál
glassy üvegszerű
vitreous üvegszerű
howl üvöltés
roar üvöltés
howler üvöltő
roaring üvöltő
chivy űz
oestrus üzekedés
dealings üzelmek
practices üzelmek
practises üzelmek
fuel üzemanyag
install üzembehelyez
installation üzembehelyezés
installing üzembehelyezés
installed üzembehelyezett
foolproof üzembiztos
operational üzemeltetési
message üzenet
messages üzenetek
trafficker üzér
profiteering üzérkedés
trafficking üzérkedés
trafficker üzérkedő
biz üzlet
deal üzlet
businessman üzletember
shoppy üzleti
shoppy üzleties
salespeople üzletkötők
businesslike üzletszerű
veep v.i.p.
bum vacak
measly vacak
piddling vacak
poky vacak
potty vacak
punk vacak
shoddy vacak
supper vacsora
savage vad
untamed vad
accusation vád
indictment vád
beast vadállat
gamy vadas
hunter vadász
huntsman vadász
shooter vadász
hunt vadászat
hunting vadászat
shooting vadászat
safari vadászexpedíció
gillie vadászinas
cutlass vadászkés
hound vadászkutya
staghound vadászkutya
ferret vadászmenyét
huntress vadásznő
deerstalker vadászsapka
gerfalcon vadászsólyom
beagle vadásztacskó
conker vadgesztenye
indictment vádirat
mallard vadkacsa
boar vadkan
accuser vádló
charger vádló
prosecutor vádló
accused vádlott
defendant vádlott
accuse vádol
indict vádol
indictable vádolható
accusing vádoló
wilderness vadon
poacher vadorzó
gamekeeper vadőr
briar vadrózsa
ferocity vadság
savageness vadság
savagery vadság
wildness vadság
woodbine vadszőlő
wildly vadul
wildlife vadvilág
hew vág
rowdyism vagánykodás
cut vágás
trimming vágás
hash vagdalék
mincing vagdaló
mince vagdalthús
vagina vagina
abattoir vágóhíd
waggon vagon
wagon vagon
entrain vagoníroz
cutter vágószerszám
sprinter vágtázó
and/or vagy
or vagy
you're vagy
cupidity vágy
desire vágy
either...or vagy...vagy
wistful vágyakozó
pipedream vágyálom
alternative vagylagos
alternatively vagylagosan
desirous vágyódó
longing vágyódó
am vagyok
asset vagyon
estate vagyon
fortune vagyon
pelf vagyon
possessions vagyon
syndic vagyonkezelő
propertied vagyonosok
assets vagyontárgyak
you're vagytok
we're vagyunk
butter vaj
buttered vajas
buttery vajas
whether vajon
parturition vajúdás
travail vajúdás
blind vak
eyeless vak
sightless vak
unseeing vak
visionless vak
vac vakáció
vacation vakáció
vacationist vakációzó
scratcher vakaró
appendicitis vakbélgyulladás
bigot vakbuzgó
bigoted vakbuzgó
bigotry vakbuzgóság
braille vakírás
glaring vakító
adventurous vakmerő
audacious vakmerő
reckless vakmerő
audacity vakmerőség
temerity vakmerőség
daub vakolat
plaster vakolat
plasterer vakoló
mole vakondok
moleskin vakondprém
blindness vakság
purblind vaksi
flashgun vaku
photoflash vaku
vacuum vákum
somehow valahogy
someway valahogy
someway valahogyan
anyplace valahol
someplace valahol
somewhat valahol
somewhere valahol
anybody valaki
somebody valaki
someone valaki
either valamelyik
abaser valami
any valami
aught valami
something valami
anytime valamikor
someday valamikor
sometime valamikor
divorce válás
answer válasz
rejoinder válasz
reply válasz
response válasz
responses válaszok
rejoin válaszol
respond válaszol
responding válaszol
responded válaszolt
choices választ
choose választ
opt választ
select választ
choice választás
election választás
option választás
select választás
electoral választási
choices választások
assortment választék
variety választék
elaborately választékosan
elector választó
bulkhead választófal
boro' választókerület
chose választottam
shoulder váll
enterprise vállalkozás
undertaking vállalkozás
contractor vállalkozó
entrepreneur vállalkozó
religion vallás
irreligious vallásellenes
religious vallási
shawl vállkendő
eepaulette vállpánt
epaulette vállpánt
actually valóban
indeed valóban
really valóban
verily valóban
real valódi
sterling valódi
eclectic válogató
picker válogató
selector válogató
choosey válogatós
finicking válogatós
pernickety válogatós
assorted válogatott
chosen válogatott
elect válogatott
picked válogatott
selected válogatott
actuality valóság
reality valóság
veritably valósággal
veritable valóságos
realist valószerű
realism valószerűség
likely valószínű
probable valószínű
probably valószínűleg
likelihood valószínűség
plausibility valószínűség
verisimilitude valószínűség
implausible valószínűtlen
unlikely valószínűtlen
improbability valószínűtlenség
unlikelihood valószínűtlenség
unlikeliness valószínűtlenség
truthless valótlan
untrue valótlan
presumptive valőszínű
probability valőszínűség
crisis válság
critical válságos
crucial válságos
alternation váltakozás
interchange váltakozás
vary váltakozik
alternating váltakozó
remittent váltakozó
alternately váltakozva
relay váltás
bookable váltható
switchman váltókezelő
welterweight váltósúly
alteration változás
altering változás
change változás
changing változás
mutation változás
variant változat
variation változat
version változat
changeless változatlan
constantly változatlan
invariable változatlan
invariant változatlan
unaltered változatlan
unamended változatlan
unchanged változatlan
unvaried változatlan
unvarying változatlan
invariably változatlanul
unaltered változatlanul
variations változatok
versions változatok
protean változatos
varied változatos
variegated változatos
various változatos
diversity változatosság
manifoldness változatosság
changeable változékony
choppy változékony
labile változékony
mutable változékony
shifting változékony
changeableness változékonyság
mutability változékonyság
variability változékonyság
variableness változékonyság
alter változik
alternate változó
modifier változó
variable változó
varying változó
variably változóan
variables változók
unalterably változtathatatlan
variably változtathatóan
changed változtatott
ransom váltságdíj
currency valuta
shrug válvonás
trough vályú
customs vám
toll vám
customable vámköteles
dutiable vámköteles
pikeman vámőr
ghoul vámpír
vampire vámpír
turnpike vámsorompó
'ave van
be van
hast van
have van
is van
possess van
there's van
vandal vandál
vandalism vandalizmus
migrant vándor
wanderer vándor
minstrel vándordalos
peregrination vándorlás
wandering vándorlás
wanderer vándorló
swagman vándormunkás
vanilla vanília
are vannak
're vannak
draggle vánszorog
trudge vánszorog
impertigo var
expect vár
awaiting várakozás
expectation várakozás
wait várakozás
waits várakozások
bide várakozik
waiting várakozó
toad varangy
impertigo varasodás
unanticipated váratlan
unexpected váratlan
unforeseen váratlan
unawares váratlanul
unexpectedly váratlanul
glamor varázs
wizardry varázslás
enchantment varázslat
gramary varázslat
incantation varázslat
enchanting varázslatos
magical varázslatos
conjurer varázsló
enchanter varázsló
magus varázsló
sorcerer varázsló
wizard varázsló
magi varázslók
wizards varázslók
conjure varázsol
dungeon várbörtön
anticipatory várható
vaudeville varieté
vaudeville varietéműsor
crow varjú
stonecrop varjúháj
await várni
borough város
burg város
city város
town város
alderman városatya
guildhall városháza
civic városi
urban városi
townsfolk városiak
townspeople városiak
urbanization városiasodás
cityscape városkép
townscape városkép
interurban városközi
sightseeing városnézés
sew varr
dressmaking varrás
needlework varrás
sewing varrás
stitching varrás
seamy varrásos
seam varrat
suture varrat
dressmaker varrónő
needlewoman varrónő
seamstress varrónő
sempstress varrónő
sewer varrónő
seamed varrott
sewed varrott
sewn varrott
sewed varrt
donjon vártorony
iron vas
sun. vas.
ironsides vasakaratú
ironing vasalás
shoeing vasalás
irons vasaló
sales vásár
shopping vásárlás
procurer vásárló
purchaser vásárló
shopper vásárló
sunday vasárnap
ironmongery vasáru
ferroconcrete vasbeton
quoit vaskarika
ironmonger's vaskereskedés
ironmonger vaskereskedő
ironworker vasmunkás
ironworks vasmű
ferrule vaspánt
crass vastag
thick vastag
pachyderm vastagbőrű
thicken vastagít
slub vastagodás
thickly vastagon
thickness vastagság
ferrous vastartalmú
railroad vasút
railway vasút
railman vasutas
railwayman vasutas
pitchfork vasvilla
prong vasvilla
canvas vászon
linen vászon
plimsolls vászoncipő
ducks vászonnadrág
denim vászonszövet
ironwork vasszerkezet
vatican vatikán
wadding vattabélés
parka vattakabát
quilt vattapaplan
chassis váz
vase váza
vaseline vazelin
draft vázlat
scheme vázlat
sketch vázlat
schemes vázlatok
schematic vázlatos
sketchy vázlatos
sketchiness vázlatosság
sketchpad vázlattömb
adumbrate vázol
sketcing vázolás
john vécé
vespers vecsernye
protect véd
ward véd
pleading védekezés
apologetic védekező
defensive védekező
guzzle vedel
defence védelem
defense védelem
protection védelem
shield védelem
shielding védelem
vindication védelmezés
protective védelmező
vindicative védelmező
vindicator védelmező
protégé védenc
protected védett
sheltered védett
immunity védettség
defensible védhető
trademark védjegy
molt vedlés
moult vedlés
shedding vedlés
patroness védnöknő
protectorate védnökség
defender védő
protecting védő
protector védő
dike védőgát
dyke védőgát
levee védőgát
goggles védőszemüveg
pleader védőügyvéd
protectionism védővámrendszer
defenceless védtelen
undefended védtelen
unfortified védtelen
unprotected védtelen
unsheltered védtelen
surcease vég
terminal végállomás
anal végbél
recta végbél
rectum végbél
suppository végbélkúp
anus végbélnyílás
terminus végcél
end vége
finite vége
interminable végeérhetetlen
ends végek
definiteness végérvényeség
finite véges
terminate végetér
performing véghezvíve
endgame végjáték
dénouement végkifejlet
definite végleges
definitive végleges
eventual végleges
finality véglegesség
protozoa véglény
achieve végrehajt
execute végrehajt
executes végrehajt
implement végrehajt
perform végrehajt
performs végrehajt
execution végrehajtás
implementation végrehajtás
executive végrehajtási
executable végrehajtható
executor végrehajtó
executed végrehajtott
implemented végrehajtott
performed végrehajtott
testament végrendelet
testamentary végrendeleti
testate végrendelkezett
testator végrendelkező
testatrix végrendelkező
ultimate végső
paraplegia végtagbénulás
extremities végtagok
limbs végtagok
endless végtelen
infinite végtelen
infinitude végtelen
infinity végtelen
neverending végtelen
shoreless végtelen
unending végtelen
infinitude végtelenség
infinity végtelenség
eventually végül
finally végül
terminally végül
ultimately végül
kismet végzet
disastrous végzetes
fatal végzetes
fateful végzetes
suicidal végzetes
analyst vegyelemző
valence vegyérték
valency vegyérték
chemist vegyész
chemical vegyi
unmixed vegyítetlen
chemistry vegytan
bushel véka
thin vékony
thinner vékonyabb
thinly vékonyan
attenuate vékonyít
thinned vékonyított
thinness vékonyság
vector vektor
vectorial vektoriális
vectors vektorok
deem vél
opine vél
reside velejár
inherent velejáró
quintessence veleje
hypothesises vélelmek
dicta vélemény
dictum vélemény
opinion vélemény
tenet vélemény
verdict vélemény
dissension véleményeltérés
dissent véleményeltérés
venice velence
venetian velencei
congenital veleszületett
inborn veleszületett
inbred veleszületett
indigenous veleszületett
innate veleszületett
accidental véletlen
fortuitous véletlen
hap véletlen
haphazard véletlen
unintentional véletlen
random véletlenszerű
accidentally véletlenül
inadvertently véletlenül
marrow velő
marrowfat velő
epigrammatic velős
marrowy velős
meaty velős
pithy velős
terse velős
marrowbone velőscsont
putative vélt
velour velúr
velours velúr
vein véna
tabby vénasszony
guest vendég
hospitality vendégszeretet
hospitally vendégszeretet
hospitable vendégszerető
host vendélátó
fan ventillátor
ventilator ventillátor
venus vénusz
blood vér
bloodshot véraláfutás
bloodshot véraláfutásos
piazza veranda
syphilis vérbaj
syphilitic vérbajos
vendetta vérbosszú
bloodwit vérdíj
sparrow veréb
bloodhound véreb
patting veregetés
vascular vérér
beating verés
bloody véres
gory véres
unbeaten veretlen
unbowed veretlen
incest vérfertőzés
incestuous vérfertőző
bloodmark vérfolt
bloodstain vérfolt
bloodstained vérfoltos
dysentery vérhas
unbeatable verhetetlen
perspiring verítékező
septicaemia vérmérgezés
septicemia vérmérgezés
mettle vérmérséklet
temperament vérmérséklet
sanguine vérmes
vermouth vermut
veronica veronikafű
bloodshed vérontás
carnage vérontás
beater verő
plasma vérplazma
consanguinity vérrokonság
thrombus vérrög
poem vers
verse vers
versify versel
contend verseng
emulate verseng
rival verseng
contention versengés
emulation versengés
rivalry versengés
vying versengő
competition verseny
contest verseny
race verseny
racing verseny
tourney verseny
vie versenyez
compete versenyezni
competitive versenyképes
courser versenyló
racehorse versenyló
tournament versenysorozat
spinnaker versenyvitorla
competitor versenyző
contestant versenyző
racer versenyző
rhymed verses
versifier versíró
versification versmérték
prosody verstan
bloodthirst vérszomj
bloodthirsty vérszomjas
sanguinary vérszomjas
tigerish vérszomjas
strophe versszak
martyr vértanú
martyrdom vértanúság
bloodless vértelen
cupping vérvétel
bleeder vérzékeny
haemophilic vérzékeny
hemophilic vérzékeny
haemophilia vérzékenység
hemophilia vérzékenység
bleeding vérzés
haemorrhage vérzés
hemorrhage vérzés
astringent vérzéscsillapító
styptic vérzéscsillapító
bled vérzett
bleed vérzik
chisell vés
kidney vese
renal vese
nephritis vesegyulladás
nephrolith vesekő
sirloin vesepecsenye
tenderloin vesepecsenye
engraving vésés
graven vésett
mortised vésett
engraver vésnök
graver vésnök
gouge véső
scooper véső
buy vesz
get vesz
bane vész
quarrel veszekedés
quarreling veszekedés
spatted veszekedett
bicker veszekedik
contentious veszekedő
quarrelling veszekedő
quarrelsome veszekedős
danger veszély
jeopardy veszély
peril veszély
dangerous veszélyes
parlous veszélyes
perilous veszélyes
unsafe veszélyes
dangerously veszélyesen
endanger veszélyeztet
imperil veszélyeztet
jeopardize veszélyeztet
baleful vészes
baneful vészes
pernicious vészes
rabid veszett
rabies veszettség
tocsin vészharang
shearwater vészmadár
comma vessző
wand vessző
wattle vesszőfonat
commas vesszők
besom vesszősöprű
bribery vesztegetés
corruption vesztegetés
briber vesztegető
quarantine vesztegzár
loser vesztes
disadvantage veszteség
offence vétek
offense vétek
trespass vétek
vice vétek
purchase vétel
quiz vetélkedő
sowing veteményezés
veteran veterán
projection vetítés
cinematograph vetítőgép
projector vetítőgép
transgressor vétkes
trespasser vétkes
striptease vetkőzőszám
veto vétó
seeder vetőgép
seedsman vetőmagkereskedő
misdemeanor vétség
misdemeanour vétség
purchased vett
took vett
buyer vevő
customer vevő
goodwill vevőkör
patronage vevőkör
controller vezérlő
controls vezérlőberendezés
drives vezérlők
controller vezérlőkártya
camshaft vezérműtengely
headship vezérszerep
lead vezet
leads vezet
wiring vezeték
surname vezetéknév
conduct vezetés
driving vezetés
leadership vezetés
management vezetés
guided vezetett
led vezetett
guiding vezető
leader vezető
leading vezető
managing vezető
conductive vezetőképes
manageress vezetőnő
vizier vezír
meager vézna
meagre vézna
puny vézna
scraggy vézna
scrawny vézna
wax viasz
waxwork viaszbaba
waxen viaszos
waxy viaszos
oilcloth viaszosvászon
vibrate vibrál
vibrant vibráló
vibrating vibráló
vibrator vibrátor
joke vicc
joke viccel
funny vicces
jesting vicces
funnily viccesen
snarl vicsorítás
blithe vidám
boon vidám
cheerful vidám
cheery vidám
daft vidám
frisky vidám
gay vidám
gleeful vidám
jocose vidám
jocund vidám
jolly vidám
jovial vidám
merry vidám
mirthful vidám
rollicking vidám
sprightly vidám
gaily vidáman
gayly vidáman
merrily vidáman
exhilaration vidámság
festivity vidámság
gaiety vidámság
gayness vidámság
glee vidámság
hilarity vidámság
jauntiness vidámság
jocosity vidámság
jocularity vidámság
joviality vidámság
merriness vidámság
mirth vidámság
pleasantry vidámság
country vidék
countryside vidéki
provincial vidéki
rural vidéki
countrified vidékies
provincialism vidékiesség
video videó
videotape videószalag
otter vidra
jocular víg
gaieties vigalom
jollification vigalom
console vigasztal
inconsolable vigasztal
consolation vigasztalás
inconsolable vigasztalhatatl
disconsolate vígasztalhatatlan
consolable vígasztalható
comforter vígasztaló
consolatory vígasztaló
comedy vigjáték
attention! vigyázat!
incautious vigyázatlan
unwary vigyázatlan
'shun vigyázz
ware! vigyázz!
grin vigyor
smirk vigyor
grinning vigyorgás
simper vigyorgás
grinned vigyorog
smirk vigyorog
storm vihar
tempest vihar
clapboard viharléc
albatross viharmadár
petrel viharmadár
thunderbird viharmadár
stormless viharmentes
squally viharos
stormy viharos
tempestuous viharos
thundery viharos
stormily viharosan
storminess viharosság
snicker vihog
snigger vihog
tehee vihog
giggle vihogás
snicker vihogás
snigger vihogás
weekender víkendező
world világ
cosmos világegyetem
macrocosm világegyetem
universe világegyetem
profane világi
secular világi
worldly világi
profane világias
worldly világias
worldliness világiasság
luminous világító
traveled világlátott
travelled világlátott
clear világos
lightish világos
brighter világosabb
clearly világosan
clarity világosság
luminousness világosság
metropolis világváros
apocalypse világvége
superhet világvevő
superheterodyne világvevő
fork villa
prong villa
villa villa
lightning villám
electrical villamos
streetcar villamos
tram villamos
tramway villamos
electrify villamosít
electrification villamosítás
tramlines villamosvágány
tramway villamosvasút
flash villanás
glint villanás
flashbulb villanólámpa
shaver villanyborotva
bulb villanykörte
pylon villanyoszlop
electrician villanyszerelő
pianola villanyzongora
forked villás
wrench villáskulcs
brunch villásreggeli
blinker villogó
flashing villogó
winkers villogó
blinking villogtatás
referring vinatkozólag
vip vip
adder vipera
viper vipera
flower virág
florist virágárus
corsage virágcsokor
nosegay virágcsokor
floriculture virágkertészet
heyday virágkor
floral virágos
flowered virágos
flowery virágos
parterre virágoskert
pollen virágpor
florist's virágüzlet
blossom virágzás
efflorescence virágzás
florescence virágzás
flowering virágzás
inflorescence virágzás
bloom virágzik
flourish virágzik
prosper virágzik
blooming virágzó
efflorescent virágzó
flourishing virágzó
thriving virágzó
virginia virginia
virginia virginiadohány
spry virgonc
vigil virrasztás
frankfurter virsli
virtuoso virtuóz
virtuosity virtuozitás
virus vírus
virology víruskutatás
wear visel
wore visel
wearing viselés
costume viselet
wearable viselhető
attitude viselkedés
bearing viselkedés
behavior viselkedés
behaviour viselkedés
dealing viselkedés
demeanour viselkedés
behavior viselkedésmód
behaviour viselkedésmód
behaved viselkedett
behave viselkedik
behove viselkedik
wearer viselő
amour visz
discord viszály
discordance viszály
feud viszály
discordance viszálykodás
echos viszhangok
itch viszket
itching viszkető
crawly viszketős
itchy viszketős
scratchy viszketős
viscose viszkóza
viscosity viszkozitás
goodby viszlát
goodbye viszlát
bye! viszlát!
reciprocate viszonoz
render viszonoz
requite viszonoz
conversely viszont
vicissitude viszontagság
reinsure viszontbiztosít
reinsurance viszontbiztosítás
resale viszonteladás
counterclaim viszontkereset
bye viszontlátásra
countercharge viszontvád
rejoinder viszonválasz
requital viszonzás
unrequited viszonzatlan
liaison viszony
relation viszony
comparatively viszonylag
relatively viszonylag
comparative viszonylagos
relative viszonylagos
respective viszonylagos
relativity viszonylagosság
back vissza
feedback visszacsatolás
undo visszacsinál
undoes visszacsinálni
undid visszacsinált
abuse visszaélés
misuse visszaélés
reminiscence visszaemlékezés
recollect visszaemlékezik
reminiscent visszaemlékezik
relapse visszaesés
regress visszafejlődés
backwards visszafelé
retort visszafizet
repayment visszafizetés
repaid visszafizetett
repayable visszafizethető
repay visszafizetni
recapture visszafoglal
retake visszafoglal
recapture visszafoglalás
retaken visszafoglalt
retook visszafoglalt
reflux visszafolyás
retranslation visszafordítás
react visszahat
countercheck visszahatás
retroaction visszahatás
reactive visszaható
reflexive visszaható
retroactive visszaható
reinstall visszahelyez
reinstate visszahelyez
restore visszahelyez
recall visszahív
recall visszahívás
repatriate visszahonosít
repatriation visszahonosítás
retraction visszahúzás
retractile visszahúzható
replay visszajátszás
comeback visszajön
renegue visszakozik
reclamation visszakövetelés
reclaim visszakövetelni
returnable visszaküldhető
backtrack visszalép
backspace visszalépés
backtracking visszaléptetés
backwardness visszamaradottság
retrace visszamegy
regrets visszamondás
recover visszanyer
regain visszanyer
backslash visszaper
flashback visszapillantás
bounce visszapillantó
sass visszapofázás
boggle visszariad
kickback visszarúgás
countdown visszaszámlálás
recoverable visszaszerezhető
retrievable visszaszerezhető
recovery visszaszerzés
recuperation visszaszerzés
retrieval visszaszerzés
countermand visszaszív
detain visszatart
withold visszatart
retention visszatartás
retaining visszatartó
witheld visszatartott
repellent visszataszító
repelling visszataszító
repulsive visszataszító
retrospection visszatekintés
retrospective visszatekintő
recur visszatér
return visszatér
revert visszatér
recurrence visszatérés
regression visszatérés
return visszatérés
reversion visszatérés
reimburse visszatérít
refund visszatérítés
reimbursement visszatérítés
circular visszatérő
recurring visszatérő
returning visszatérő
returns visszatérők
returned visszatért
displease visszatetszik
restores visszatölt
reflective visszatükröző
rebound visszaugrás
disavow visszautasít
reject visszautasít
rebuff visszautasítás
refusal visszautasítás
rejection visszautasítás
denies visszautasítások
rejected visszautasított
denied visszautasítva
reseat visszaültet
repartee visszavágás
ripost visszavágás
riposte visszavágás
redeem visszavásárol
reflect visszaver
repulse visszaver
reflection visszaverődés
repercussion visszaverődés
recant visszavon
rescind visszavon
retract visszavon
revoke visszavon
unsay visszavon
withdraw visszavon
recantation visszavonás
revocation visszavonás
withdrawal visszavonás
irrevocable visszavonhatatlan
retractable visszavonható
revocable visszavonható
unsaid visszavont
withdrew visszavont
withrawn visszavont
fallback visszavonul
countermarch visszavonulás
retreat visszavonulás
resign visszavonult
sequestration visszavonultság
varicose visszeres
echo visszhang
reverberations visszhang
reverberation visszhangzás
echoes visszhangzik
resound visszhangzik
reverberate visszhangzik
echoed visszhangzott
controversy vita
debate vita
disputation vita
dispute vita
parley vita
vitamin vitamin
controversial vitás
impugn vitat
oppugn vitat
incontestable vitathatatlan
incontrovertible vitathatatlan
indisputable vitathatatlan
undisputed vitathatatlan
controvertible vitatható
debatable vitatható
disputable vitatható
problematical vitatható
hassle vitatkozás
controversialist vitatkozó
discussed vitatott
disputant vitázó
fare viteldíj
valiant vitéz
sail vitorla
yacht vitorlás
sailing vitorlázás
yachting vitorlázás
yachtsman vitorlázó
sailplane vitorlázórepülő
fencing vívás
fencer vívó
gamecock vívókakas
rapier vívótőr
water víz
underwater vízalatti
hydrolysis vízbontás
tap vízcsap
babble vízcsobogás
watered vízdús
weir vízduzzasztó
micturate vizel
urinate vizel
urinal vizelde
urination vizelés
urine vizelet
oedema vizenyő
aqueous vizes
watery vizes
cascade vízesés
cataract vízesés
waterfall vízesés
ewer vizeskancsó
tumbler vizespohár
wateriness vizesség
hydrocephalic vízfejű
gouache vízfesték
rill vízfolyás
hydrotherapy vízgyógyászat
impermeable vízhatlan
oilskin vízhatlan
oilskins vízhatlan
waterproof vízhatlan
watertight vízhatlan
proofing vízhatlanítás
impermeability vízhatlanság
vesicle vízhólyag
hydra vizikígyó
hippo víziló
hippopotamus víziló
waterfowl vízimadár
hookah vízipipa
narghile vízipipa
hydrophobia víziszony
watercress vízitorma
waterhen vízityúk
watermark vízjel
dropsy vízkór
dropsical vízkóros
gargoyle vízköpő
boiler vízmelegítő
hydrographer vízmérnök
gully vízmosás
waterworks vízművek
aquarius vízöntő
waterside vízpart
waterside vízparti
hydrography vízrajz
cistern víztároló
unwatered víztelen
waterless víztelen
dehydrate víztelenít
vacuole víztér
waterbag víztömlő
visually vizuálisan
visa vízum
aqueduct vízvezeték
conduit vízvezeték
plumber vízvezetékszerelő
waterlogged vízzeltelt
exam vizsga
examination vizsga
proctor vizsgafelügyelő
auditing vizsgálat
inquest vizsgálat
inquiry vizsgálat
inspection vizsgálat
investigation vizsgálat
examiner vizsgáló
inquisitor vizsgálóbíró
examinee vizsgázó
retriever vizsla
horizontal vízszintes
would volna
ex volt
'twas volt
volt volt
was volt
wast voltak
were voltak
wert voltál
you'd voltál
'twere voltam
convulsion vonaglás
writhe vonaglik
unwillingness vonakodás
disinclined vonakodó
reluctant vonakodó
unwilling vonakodó
grudgingly vonakodva
loath vonakodva
reluctantly vonakodva
line vonal
lines vonalak
lined vonalas
ruled vonalas
ruling vonalazás
lineman vonalbíró
linesman vonalbíró
hatching vonalkázás
loth vonalodva
ruler vonalzó
rhumb vonás
train vonat
trainman vonatkísérő
interrelation vonatkozás
pertains vonatkozások
pertain vonatkozik
germane vonatkozó
relating vonatkozó
trainload vonatrakomány
bow vonó
dragbar vonórúd
dragged vonszol
lugged vonszolt
haulage vontatás
tow vontatás
towing vontatás
traction vontatás
tugboat vontatóhajó
attract vonz
affection vonzalom
attraction vonzás
appeal vonzerő
fascination vonzerő
alluring vonzó
attractive vonzó
gravitation vonzódás
gravitate vonzódik
bucket vödör
pail vödör
bucketful vödörnyi
bridesman vőfény
bridegroom vőlegény
fiancé vőlegény
groom vőlegény
dale völgy
glen völgy
vale völgy
valley völgy
viaduct völgyhíd
raddle vörös
red vörös
puce vörösbarna
redbreast vörösbegy
rowan vörösberkenye
burgundy vörösbor
claret vörösbor
redder vörösebb
reddish vöröses
sienna vörösesbarna
larch vörösfenyő
onion vöröshagyma
carrots vöröshajú
redness vörösség
ruddle vörösvasérc
volcano vulkán
igneous vulkáni
volcanic vulkanikus
vulcanize vulkanizál
vulcanization vulkanizálás
welsh walesi
watt watt
wattmeter wattóra
wc wc
whiskey whisky
tepee wigwam
tungsten wolfram
wolfram wolfram
xenon xenon
xerox xerox
xylophone xilofon
yam yamgyökér
yard yard
yardage yardmennyiség
oat zab
gobble zabál
gormandize zabál
porridge zabkása
curb zabla
snaffle zabla
oatmeal zabliszt
cornflakes zabpehely
oatcake zabpogácsa
sac zacskó
sapphire zafír
sapphire zafírkék
jumble zagyvalék
farrago zagyvaság
noise zaj
noisy zajos
noisily zajosan
noisiness zajosság
noiseless zajtalan
badger zaklat
harry zaklat
importune zaklat
molest zaklat
pester zaklat
harassment zaklatás
molestation zaklatás
persecution zaklatás
jacket zakó
hock zálog
pawn zálog
pledge zálog
pawnshop zálogház
lien zálogjog
pawnbroker zálogkölcsönző
pledgee zálogos
savor zamat
savour zamat
luscious zamatos
racy zamatos
raciness zamatosság
molar zápfog
drencher zápor
shower zápor
cadence záradék
clause záradék
palmer zarándok
pilgrim zarándok
pilgrimage zarándoklat
locking zárás
priory zárda
sequestrator] zárgondnok
plosive zárhang
locker zárható
aloof zárkózott
aloofness zárkózottság
closeness zárkózottság
locksmith zárlakatos
closing záró
sphincter záróizom
distrain zárol
distraint zárolás
locked zárolt
close zárt
closed zárt
closes zártak
banner zászló
bunting zászló
ensign zászló
flag zászló
banderole zászlócska
flagpole zászlórúd
flagstaff zászlórúd
aground zátony
reef zátony
discomposure zavar
disturb zavar
disturbance zavar
embarrassment zavar
maze zavar
perplexity zavar
bolt závár
jamming zavarás
baffling zavarbaejtő
confusing zavarbaejtő
affray zavargás
riotousness zavargás
disturbing zavaró
perplexing zavaró
troublesome zavaró
agitated zavaros
confused zavaros
haywire zavaros
motley zavaros
troubled zavaros
turbid zavaros
turbidity zavarosság
turbidness zavarosság
embarrassed zavart
undisturbed zavartalan
zebra zebra
celery zeller
sedition zendülés
seditious zendülő
music zene
uproar zenebona
musical zenei
conservatoire zeneiskola
band zenekar
orchestra zenekar
orchestral zenekari
bandleader zenekarvezető
bandsman zenész
instrumentalist zenész
musician zenész
bandsmen zenészek
composer zeneszerző
musicology zenetudomány
gasp zihál
gasping zihálás
wheeze zihálás
showery zivataros
sock zokni
socks zokni
sob zokogás
enamel zománc
glaze zománc
enamell zománcoz
enameling zománcozás
enamelling zománcozás
zombie zombi
zone zóna
interzonal zónaközi
piano zongora
pianoforte zongora
pianist zongorista
inclement zord
jolt zökken
jolt zökkenés
balk zökkenő
baulk zökkenő
green zöld
verdant zöld
verdure zöldellés
greenish zöldes
coltish zöldfülű
fledgeling zöldfülű
greenhorn zöldfülű
tenderfoot zöldfülű
vegetables zöldség
greengrocer zöldséges
greengrocer's zöldséges
greens zöldségfélék
stocky zömök
stubby zömök
breathed zöngétlen
clatter zörgés
rattle zörög
spencer zubbony
whiz zúgás
whizz zúgás
gripe zúgolódás
grouse zúgolódás
repine zúgolódik
pettifogger zugügyvéd
poteen zugwhisky
contuse zúz
gizzard zúza
crush zúzás
rime zúzmara
rimy zúzmarás
lichen zúzmó
pounder zúzó
contusion zúzódás
depraved züllött
raffish züllött
humming zümmögés
zoom zümmögés
hummed zümmögött
babel zűrzavar
confusion zűrzavar
huddle zűrzavar
maze zűrzavar
misrule zűrzavar
muddle zűrzavar
mull zűrzavar
muss zűrzavar
skein zűrzavar
turbulence zűrzavar
welter zűrzavar
chaotic zűrzavaros
mazy zűrzavaros
turbulent zűrzavaros
poker zsák
sack zsák
quarry zsákmány
spoils zsákmány
sackful zsáknyi
sacking zsákolás
bagging zsákvászon
burlap zsákvászon
gunny zsákvászon
sackcloth zsákvászon
blinds zsalu
louver zsalu
louvre zsalu
shutter zsalu
sagebrush zsálya
footstool zsámoly
stool zsámoly
hinge zsanér
genre zsáner
jargon zsargon
lingo zsargon
despot zsarnok
oppressor zsarnok
tyrant zsarnok
autocratical zsarnoki
despotic zsarnoki
domineering zsarnoki
tyrannical zsarnoki
tyrannous zsarnoki
domineer zsarnokoskodik
tyrannicide zsarnokölés
despotism zsarnokság
tyranny zsarnokság
blackmail zsarolás
racketeering zsarolás
extortionate zsaroló
extortioner zsaroló
extortionist zsaroló
racketeer zsaroló
cop zsaru
tec zsaru
pocket zseb
handkerchief zsebkendő
hankie zsebkendő
hanky zsebkendő
jackknife zsebkés
paperback zsebkönyv
flashlight zseblámpa
calculator zsebszámológép
cutpurse zsebtolvaj
pickpocket zsebtolvaj
gelatin zselatin
gelatine zselatin
gel zselé
jelly zselé
nagging zsémbes
bun zsemle
doughboy zsemlegombóc
juvenilia zsengék
numb zsibbadt
numbness zsibbadtság
jewish zsidó
kike zsidó
yid zsidó
hexagram zsidócsillag
jewess zsidónő
jewry zsidóság
sabbath zsidószombat
viscera zsigerek
visceral zsigeri
penstock zsilip
sluice zsilip
lockage zsilipdíj
synagogue zsinagóga
synod zsinat
braid zsinór
flex zsinór
gimp zsinór
string zsinór
grease zsir
lard zsír
shortening zsiradék
giraffe zsiráf
talc zsírkő
talcum zsírkő
adipose zsíros
greasy zsíros
greasiness zsírosság
greasing zsírzás
greaser zsírzó
hullabalo zsivaj
weewil zsizsik
jockey zsoké
hymn zsolozsma
psalm zsoltár
psalmist zsoltáríró
psalmody zsoltároskönyv
psalter zsoltároskönyv
juggler zsonglőr
grouchy zsörtölődő
thronging zsúfolódó
congested zsúfolt
crowded zsúfolt
jammed zsúfolt
thronged zsúfolt
congestion zsúfoltság
crowding zsúfoltság
hunks zsugori
miser zsugori
niggard zsugori
skinflint zsugori
tightwad zsugori
shrinkproof zsugorodásmentes
unshrinkable zsugorodásmentes
plop zsupsz
doily zsúrkendő
true igaz
false hamis